Software Engineer, PhD, Early Career, Embedded Systems and Firmware, 2026 Startshare linkCopy linkemailEmail a friendcorporate_fareGoogleplaceSunnyvale, CA, USA; Atlanta, GA, USA; +8 more; +7 morebar_chartMidMidExperience driving progress, solving problems, and mentoring more junior team members; deeper expertise and applied knowledge within relevant area.Applyshare linkCopy linkemailEmail a friendinfo_outlineXApplicants in the County of Los Angeles: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.In accordance with Washington state law, we are highlighting our comprehensive benefits package, which is available to all eligible US based employees. Benefits for this role include:Health, dental, vision, life, disability insuranceRetirement Benefits: 401(k) with company matchPaid Time Off: 20 days of vacation per year, accruing at a rate of 6.15 hours per pay period for the first five years of employmentSick Time: 40 hours/year (increased to 69 hours/year for Seattle) including 5 discretionary sick days per instanceMaternity Leave (Short-Term Disability + Baby Bonding): 28-30 weeksBaby Bonding Leave: 18 weeksHolidays: 13 paid days per yearNote: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Atlanta, GA, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; Los Angeles, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Raleigh, NC, USA; Durham, NC, USA; Seattle, WA, USA.Minimum qualifications:
PhD degree in Computer Science, or a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
Experience in embedded systems/firmware design.
Experience coding in C or C++.
Preferred qualifications:
Knowledge of one or more of the following: Microcontrollers, SoC, device drivers, hardware, power management, ARM processors, performance optimization, file systems, bootloading, firmware, x86 assembly, system BIOS, or hardware/software integration.
Knowledge of Unix/Linux environments and kernel development.
Ability to start full-time role in 2026.
About the jobGoogle's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.
As a PhD graduate, your research expertise is invaluable to us. Explore a variety of projects, collaborate with various teams, and contribute to products that are changing the world, across many product areas, including AI & Infrastructure, Cloud, and more! Our Engineering teams include thousands of PhDs who bring their deep knowledge and research experience to enhance our systems and products. As a Google PhD Software Engineer, you will work on critical projects, with many opportunities to learn and follow your interests. We expect our engineers to be creative and versatile, leading and identifying new problems to push the field and Google technology forward. Google is one of the world’s leading suppliers and consumers of ML and AI technology, with decades of experience in designing, deploying, and using ML software and custom ML hardware infrastructure at massive scale. Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. US: $147000 - $211000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefitsLearn more about benefits at Google.Responsibilities
Participate in or lead team projects to carry out design, analysis, and development of advanced systems across the stack, particularly embedded systems.
Develop code and review code developed by other developers, and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
Write documents that set new technical directions. Contribute to existing documentation or educational content and adapt content based on product/program updates and user feedback.
Study, diagnose and resolve complex technical issues by analyzing the sources of the issues and the impact on software, hardware, network, or service operations and quality.
Information collected and processed as part of your Google Careers profile, and any job applications you choose to submit is subject to Google's Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy.Google is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We are committed to building a workforce that is representative of the users we serve, creating a culture of belonging, and providing an equal employment opportunity regardless of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding), expecting or parents-to-be, criminal histories consistent with legal requirements, or any other basis protected by law. See also Google's EEO Policy, Know your rights: workplace discrimination is illegal, Belonging at Google, and How we hire.If you have a need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form.Google is a global company and, in order to facilitate efficient collaboration and communication globally, English proficiency is a requirement for all roles unless stated otherwise in the job posting.To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees, or any other organization location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.Equity is granted exclusively and discretionarily by Alphabet Inc. on the basis of an agreement concluded between you and Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Inc. is your sole contractual partner with respect to equity grants. GSU grants are not guaranteed, are discretionary, are subject to approval by the Alphabet Inc. board of directors or its delegate, the terms of the relevant Alphabet Inc. stock plan, and your grant agreement. They have no impact on statutory payments. Current or past grants do not confer an acquired right.