e delivers fully integrated solutions that enable product quality and safety, regulatory and retailer compliance, better product recalls and improved manufacturing processes.
The Software Engineer Internship at Markem-Imaje offers a 40 hour per week work schedule onsite in Keene, NH running August through Deceber 2026. Students enrolled during Fall Semester 2026 will have flexibility to work 20-40 hours to accommodate coursework as needed. Ideal candidates will live within a reasonable driving distance to our Keene, NH facility; no relocation assistance available.
The Role: you will be part of a global, cross-disciplinary, Agile team designing, implementing, validating, and maintaining embedded software for Markem-Imaje current and future printers.
You’ll have an opportunity to… work with talented engineers in a global environment, building complex products across a variety of printing technologies targeted to meet our customers’ needs and the strategic objectives of Markem-Imaje.
Job Responsibilities:
Design, implement, and validate high quality embedded software as a full member of an Agile team of engineers.
Utilize best practices and tools to support team efficiency, effectiveness, and software quality.
Stay up to date with the latest industry standards and advocate for continuous improvement in the areas of unit testing, system testing, automation, code analysis, security, source control, continuous integration, etc.
Collaborate with members of other engineering disciplines, remote team members, and external partners using excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Participate in design reviews and contribute to improvements in design and code quality.
Build and apply a basic understanding of Markem-Imaje and our competitors’ printing technologies and application spaces.
Participate in software planning and estimation activities.
Job Requirements:
Basic knowledge of C++ object-oriented programming and application development on Linux OS
Working towards a Bachelor’s or Masters’ degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering
Available for August through December 2026.
The right candidate will be aligned to our values and culture:
Collaborative entrepreneurial spirit
Winning through customers
High ethical standards, openness and trust
Expectations for results
Respect and value people
If you believe you match our values and have the experience we’re looking for, apply! We can’t wait to hear from you!
Work Arrangement : Onsite
Pay Range: $22.00 - $28.00 per hour
We consider several job-related, non-discriminatory factors when determining the pay rate for a position, including, but not limited to, the position’s responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, a candidate’s education/training, the position’s location, and the key skills needed for the position. Pay is one of the Total Rewards that we provide to compensate and recognize employees for their work.
Benefits: Our total rewards package for eligible team members also includes: a 401(k) savings plan with employer contributions; medical, dental and vision insurance; wellness programs; health savings account, health care and dependent care flexible spending accounts; company paid short-term disability and long-term disability; company paid employee basic life and AD&D insurance; supplemental employee and dependent life insurance; optional accident, hospital indemnity and critical illness insurance; employee discounts; and an employee assistance program that includes company paid counseling sessions and legal services. Eligibility for benefits is governed by applicable plan documents and policies.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, age, genetic information, or any other factors prohibited by law.
Attention Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, please let us know. Likewise, if you are limited in the ability to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, we will determine an alternate way for you to apply. Please contact keenehr@markem-imaje.com for assistance with an accommodation. Kindly specify Job Requisition Number / Job Title and Location in response.
Job Function :
Nearest Major Market: Bellows Falls
Nearest Secondary Market: Keene
Job Segment:
R&D Engineer, R&D, Facilities, Test Engineer, Embedded, Engineering, Research, Operations, Technology
Apply now »
Apply now
Apply Now
Start applying with LinkedIn
Start
Please wait...
Dover Home
View Page Index
Top Job Searches
Privacy Policy
Opens in a new tab.
Opens in a new tab.
Opens in a new tab.