Millennium Space Systems Summer 2026 Internship Program – Ground Software Engineering Company: Millennium Space Systems Millennium Space Systems, a part of Boeing Defense, Space and Security (BDS), is a fast, agile small satellite company focused on national security space. Our missions have direct impact to global security, like missile warning and Earth observation. Our team is curious, bold and innovative. We take risks, innovate and explore new techniques and technologies. We influence change because we challenge the status quo. And when we watch our satellites launch, we know each one of us made it happen. As a Ground Software Engineer Intern, you will cover ground software development, integration and test. Your primary task will be dispositioning and root causing non conformances and issues as they come up, secondary tasking will be design based leveraging your experience with the integration and test. You will work closely with technicians, integration and test engineers as well as the design engineering team to foster a deep understanding of end to end software design and deployment. Over the course of our 10-12 week internship experience you will have the opportunity to: Leads the design, development, integration, testing, and delivery of large-scale ground software and mission control systems Interacts with other Millennium staff to support testing on components, subsystems, and spacecraft in test configurations Integrates Millennium software applications into Government-furnished software and infrastructure Implements specific mission data processing applications into existing systems to support payloads and end data users Contributes to ground software or tool development by completing larger feature requests, taking ownership of larger software modules, analysis packages, and workflows This position is expected to be 100% onsite. The selected candidate will be required to work onsite at one of the listed location options. These positions must meet U.S. export control compliance requirements. To meet U.S. export control compliance requirements, a “U.S. Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. §120.62 is required. “U.S. Person” includes U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Additionally, some positions may require the ability to obtain U.S. Security Clearance for which the U.S. Government requires U.S. Citizenship. Basic Qualifications (Required Skill/Experience): Experience writing scripts and backend software applications in Python Experience with Python webserver frameworks (Twisted, Flask, FastAPI) and building RESTful web services in conjunction with message broker architectures Experience with backend development interacting with relational, time-series, and document databases (PostgreSQL, InfluxDB, MongoDB). Comfortable building interactive UIs using Javascript frameworks Familiarity with GitLab CI/CD and Infrastructure as Code practices Familarity with containerization and container orchestration practices using Docker, Podman, and Kubernetes Comfortable communicating technical details verbally and in writing Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Strong academic performance (preferred GPA of 3.0 or above) Exceptional organizational and collaboration skills as demonstrated through leadership positions on teams and/or in student or civic organizations Strong technical experiences as demonstrated through technical projects, research or engineering internships Exceptional communication skills and interest and enthusiasm related to engineering, aerospace and a career with Boeing Junior or Senior class standing Successful candidates for this job must satisfy the Company’s Conflict of Interest (COI) assessment process. Drug Free Workplace: Millennium Space Systems, a Boeing Company, is a Drug Free Workplace (DFW) where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies. Shift: These positions are for 1st shift. Safety Sensitive Statement: Some of these positions are safety-sensitive positions and are subject to random drug and alcohol testing. At Millennium Space Systems, a Boeing Company, we strive to deliver a Total Rewards package that will attract, engage and retain the top talent. Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities. Millennium Space Systems also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work. The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements. Pay is based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations. Summary pay range: $21.15 /hr – $35.58 / hr Millennium is DDTC-registered, ITAR-compliant Company. This position is located at a facility that requires special access. Applicants MUST be U.S. citizens and eligible for a security clearance. Additionally, applicants must be willing to apply for and maintain a security clearance. We encourage all interested candidates to apply for any open position for which they feel they are qualified. Language Requirements: Not Applicable Education: Not Applicable Relocation: Relocation assistance is not a negotiable benefit for this position. Export Control Requirement: This position must meet U.S. export control compliance requirements. To meet U.S. export control compliance requirements, a “U.S. Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. §120.62 is required. “U.S. Person” includes U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Safety Sensitive: This is not a Safety Sensitive Position. Security Clearance: This position does not require a Security Clearance. Visa Sponsorship: Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status. Contingent Upon Award Program This position is not contingent upon program award Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Stay safe from recruitment fraud! The only way to apply for a position at Boeing is via our Careers website. Learn how to protect yourself from recruitment fraud - Recruitment Fraud Warning Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. EEO is the law Boeing EEO Policy Request an Accommodation Applicant Privacy Boeing Participates in E – Verify E-Verify (English) E-Verify (Spanish) Right to Work Statement Right to Work (English) Right to Work (Spanish) Boeing is committed to protecting, connecting and exploring our world and beyond, safely and sustainably. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive of every teammate, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.