Title: Software Engineer Apprenticeship Salary range: £25,000 per annum Location: Office locations considered – Burton-Upon-Trent Working Pattern: We operate a flexible hybrid working pattern at Frazer-Nash, with time split between the office, university, client sites and working from home. Closing date: 15th March 2026 Frazer-Nash are a leading engineering, systems and technology consultancy. Through our meaningful innovations, our experts make organisations' lives securer, safer, sustainable, and affordable. To support the development of our Software Engineering and Data Science capability, we are looking to recruit a Software Engineering Apprentice to join our technical team. Our digital capability is delivered by a multidisciplinary team of experts across a broad range of software development, data analytics, systems engineering, and digital transformation disciplines. We work on a range of interesting projects across multiple sectors including, but not limited to, energy, defence, space, government, national infrastructure, transport, process, and manufacturing. Working within a variety of project teams, you will work alongside colleagues who will support you with your day-to-day tasks. While learning, you will engage in a variety of projects, including internal exercises designed to help you gain a comprehensive understanding of Frazer-Nash, as well as opportunities to contribute to client-facing projects. You will assist in the delivery of software engineering and data-driven work as part of multidisciplinary project teams. This may include supporting the development of software tools, data analysis solutions, automation, modelling, or decision-support systems. There will also be opportunities to undertake research into emerging software and data technologies, helping to expand the digital capability offering we provide to our clients as the organisation continues to evolve. Alongside your workplace learning, you will complete formal study with the education provider associated with your apprenticeship, leading to a Level 6 (Honours) Degree in Digital and Technology Solutions (Software Engineer Pathway). The role requires a basic understanding of software development principles and a strong desire to learn and develop a career in software engineering. Things you can expect To be provided with an internal mentor, who will be with you for assistance day-to-day during your education. Working alongside experienced colleagues who will ensure you are included in project work and will be able to assist answering questions or provide guidance as necessary. Working within a multidisciplinary team, working on solutions to fulfil client needs. Work towards a BSc (Honours) Degree in Degree in Digital and Technology Solutions with the Software Engineer Pathway. Enrolling at a college/university to support your degree pathway. The provider is University of Staffordshire. Further information can be found here: Digital &amp; Technology Solutions Professional Apprenticeship (Integrated Degree) - Level 6 - University of Staffordshire A well-structured curriculum which will cover: Data, Analytics and Business Insight Software Development Fundamentals Enterprise and Mobile Application Development Cloud, Infrastructure and Networking Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Due to the nature of the work that Frazer-Nash Consultancy undertake, candidates will be required to undergo pre-employment screening and must be able to satisfy clearance criteria for UK National Security Vetting. What can Frazer-Nash offer you? You will join a thriving and collaborative team as you assist in delivering a range of interesting projects. Clear career pathways will enable you to develop your potential as you grow within your role, leading to future career prospects. We will support and encourage your ideas and give you the opportunity to work directly with our clients, enabling you to build professional relationships and networks. At Frazer-Nash you will not only gain technical knowledge and experience, we also provide business experience, project management, and career development opportunities for leadership. What you need Level 2 Maths and English (GCSE, Functional Skills or equivalent), or evidence of working at Level 2 in both subjects, confirmed through initial assessments by the University of Staffordshire A Level 3 qualification or above equivalent to 112 UCAS Tariff points (e.g. 3 A Levels at grades BBC) Benefits Starting salary of £25,000 pa with potential for this to rise in years 2 and 3 of your apprenticeship 25 days' holiday entitlement Happy to talk flexible working Holiday purchase scheme (up to 5 days) Enhanced parental benefits Company pension scheme – Opt-In Targeted professional development Life assurance Private healthcare membership Bonus scheme linked into company performance Paid membership fees to a professional institution Support in attaining professional membership Cycle to work scheme Share purchase scheme Season rail ticket loan Frazer-Nash is a leading systems, engineering and technology company. We help organisations deliver innovative engineering and technology solutions to make lives safe, secure, sustainable, and affordable. With over 1000 employees, we work from a network of nine UK and four Australian locations. Our people apply their expertise to develop, enhance and protect our clients' critical assets, systems and processes. We use our skills and talents to ensure a sustainable future for society. Our work helps deliver a safe and secure world, where natural resources are conserved, and clean energy is available to all. And we focus on actions to reduce climate change; supporting rapid and far-reaching transformations in the delivery of energy, security, industry, and transport. At the heart of our business are a set of self-defined core values. These are part of our DNA and we’re committed to upholding them – internally as part of our Frazer-Nash family; in the way we work with our customers; and when we engage with the wider world. We care At Frazer-Nash, we care about each other; always looking to collaborate and see things from the other person’s point of view We offer mutual support, learn from one another, and work as a team to deliver the best results Everyone has a voice, and we all make the time to listen We will work with openness and collaborate effectively – thinking about our clients and our people, and responding to their needs We care about the difference we make to the wider world. We are trusted Effective collaboration is founded upon trust. We earn the trust of our customers and colleagues by delivering on the commitments we have made to them. We deliver success We deliver value and success to our customers and to our business. We continually strive to be the best at what we do. We want to do things that matter We seek out interesting and satisfying work that helps makes a difference in society We use our expertise to provide trusted, impartial professional advice to our clients By making a difference to today, we benefit the world of tomorrow – so we can all go home each day knowing that we’ve done something that really mattered. Fraud Alert Fraud has infiltrated the job placement market via the internet, email and direct phone contact. Attempts have included unauthorized use of Frazer Nash’s name and logo to solicit potential job seekers or to extend false job offers. Bad actors may mix in fake job advertisements with legitimate postings. These ads can include contact instructions and require job seekers to send sensitive personal information or money to pay for visa applications, processing fees, etc., in exchange for consideration for a high-paying position. Frazer-Nash will never ask for any sort of advance payment as part of the recruiting/hiring process. Candidate profiles are carefully managed to protect personal information.