Job Description To help facilitate administration of relocation benefits if you are selected, please apply using the permanent address you would move from. Hybrid: This role is categorized as hybrid. This means the successful candidate is expected to report in office three times per week, at minimum [or other frequency dictated by the business]. Start dates for this internship role are May 18 &amp; June 15 of 2026. The Team: Improved cellular communication standards, e.g., 5G, and infrastructure supports make rich infotainment applications in vehicles more feasible. Yet the highly dynamic cellular connectivity makes it very challenging to provide consistent Quality of Experience (QoE) to GM customers. To this end, there is an immediate demand to improved system architecture and optimization mechanisms to maintaining service quality, especially under the highly dynamic cellular networks. Data-intensive applications under cellular networks are most easily affected by network performance fluctuations due to their exclusive demands for network resources. As a result, Cloud and vehicle system co-design will offer unique opportunities in guaranteeing user QoE. What You Will Do: Understand the current status of cellar network, including deployment and communication performance. Algorithm design to address QoE degradation as hinted by cellular communication performance issues, including latency reduction, service continuity, service smoothness and if necessary minimum QoE sacrifice. Vehicle and Cloud/Edge end-to-end system design in support of the design algorithms to ensure QoE. Implement and test an end-to-end system in GM test vehicles, demonstrating efficacy of the system design and algorithmic contribution. Actively document and potentially further improve ideas generated while working on the system. Extensively evaluate system performance using a data-driven approach with good test scenario coverage. Work closely with researchers and professors on interpreting experiment results, identify system improvement opportunities. Practice forward-thinking, be comprehensive in system and algorithmic design, foresee research challenges and proactively identify solutions. Required Qualifications: Master’s degree required; Ph.D. degree and a strong publication record on these topics are preferable. Background in mobile networks and wireless communications, particularly on Cloud/Edge computing and 4G/5G standards. Knowledge in end-to-end system design and optimization, and protocols on handling heavy data delivery. Experiencing in working with data-intensive applications, e.g., video streaming. Experience in commonly used tools in handling video data, e.g., Gstreamer, ffmpeg, etc. Software engineering skills such as C++, C#, Java/Kotlin and/or Python as well as understanding of multithreading programming and real time system development. Strong in data-driven analytics. Highly motivated to conduct quality work, independent in thinking and able to actively communicate with team members. Excellent communication skills in writing and verbal communication. About GM Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all. Why Join Us We believe we all must make a choice every day – individually and collectively – to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Every day, we want every employee to feel they belong to one General Motors team. Benefits Overview From day one, we're looking out for your well-being–at work and at home–so you can focus on realizing your ambitions. Learn how GM supports a rewarding career that rewards you personally by visiting Total Rewards resources. Non-Discrimination and Equal Employment Opportunities (U.S.) General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of unlawful discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that providing an inclusive workplace creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. All employment decisions are made on a non-discriminatory basis without regard to sex, race, color, national origin, citizenship status, religion, age, disability, pregnancy or maternity status, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran or protected veteran, or any other similarly protected status in accordance with federal, state and local laws. We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications for each role and apply for any positions that match their skills and capabilities. Applicants in the recruitment process may be required, where applicable, to successfully complete a role-related assessment(s) and/or a pre-employment screening prior to beginning employment. To learn more, visit How we Hire. Accommodations General Motors offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us or call us at 1-800-865-7580. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying. We are leading the change to make our world better, safer and more equitable for all through our actions and how we behave. Learn more about: Our Company Our Culture How we hire Our diverse team of employees bring their collective passion for engineering, technology and design to deliver on our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion. We are looking for adventure-seekers and imaginative thought leaders to help us transform mobility. Explore our global locations We are determined to lead change for the world through technology, ingenuity and harnessing the creativity of our diverse team. Join us to help lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all by becoming a member of GM’s Talent Community (beamery.com). As a part of our Talent Community, you will receive updates about GM, open roles, career insights and more. Please note that filling out the form below will not add you to our Talent Community automatically; you will need to use the link above. If you are seeking to apply to a specific role, we encourage you to click “Apply Now” on the job posting of interest.