Our vision for the future is based on the idea that transforming financial lives starts by giving our people the freedom to transform their own. We have a flexible work environment, and fluid career paths. We not only encourage but celebrate internal mobility. We also recognize the importance of purpose, well-being, and work-life balance. Within Empower and our communities, we work hard to create a welcoming and inclusive environment, and our associates dedicate thousands of hours to volunteering for causes that matter most to them. Chart your own path and grow your career while helping more customers achieve financial freedom. Empower Yourself. Summer 2026 Intern – Software Engineer Location: Boston, MA (on-site &amp; in-person) Duration: 10 weeks from May 27, 2026 to July 31, 2026 Schedule: Full-Time (40 hours/week) Compensation: $24.00 - $25.00 per hour (based on academic level) Empower is a leader in financial planning and retirement solutions, committed to helping people achieve financial freedom. We serve millions of individuals, employers, and advisors through personalized products, smart technology, and a people-first approach. Program Overview Empower’s Summer Internship Program offers an immersive 10-week experience designed to develop rising professionals with an interest in financial services. Our interns thrive in a fast-paced, growth-oriented environment while gaining valuable insights into our business, culture, and mission. Each intern is paired with a dedicated manager, mentor, and executive sponsor, and will work on a meaningful summer project. This program includes: Hands on-experience with real business initiatives Exposure to senior leadership and cross-functional teams Networking opportunities Professional and personal development workshops At the conclusion of the internship, each intern presents their work to business leaders, showcasing the impact they’ve made. This Software Engineer Intern will use next-gen tools and AI to improve code efficiency, documentation and tuning API's in Java/J2EE, Spring/Servlets/JSP, Web services (RESTful) and relational database in MYSQL/Oracle or PostgreSQL. The intern will prepare appropriate documentation and service catalog from systems that are supported and maintained. What you’ll do As a Software Engineer Intern, you will: Assist in designing and building small- to medium-sized development projects using both traditional coding tools and no-code/low-code platforms. Support front-end development tasks, contributing to UI components and learning modern frameworks and design practices. Work with mentors and project stakeholders to understand requirements and help translate them into simple, functional technical solutions. Participate in hands-on development activities, including configuring tools, testing features, documenting work, and preparing demos. Identify opportunities to streamline processes and propose improvements as you learn our systems and development approach. Over the course of the 10-week internship, you will contribute to either a defined individual project and/or collaborative team initiatives. You are expected to deliver meaningful contributions and results, with ongoing support, guidance, and feedback from your team. What you bring We’re seeking college students who demonstrate a balance of technical aptitude, professionalism, and curiosity. Ideal candidates will bring the following: Required Qualifications: Currently enrolled in a college or university (Bachelor’s or Master’s program) Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 Available for full 10-week program (May 27 – July 31, 2026) Must reside near or be able to reliably commute to Boston, MA (in-person internship) Hands-on experience with front-end software development tools in coursework or projects Experience with Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) Authorization to work in the U.S. without current or future visa sponsorship (CPT/OPT not supported) Core Competencies: Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently and within a collaborative team Critical thinking and problem-solving mindset Self-directed with a proactive approach to learning Professional curiosity and eagerness to explore new tools and ideas Demonstrated accountability and follow-through on individual or team-based goals What will set you apart At least 2 years of academic progress toward a bachelor’s degree Expected to graduate and be available for full-time employment by mid-2027 Preferred majors: Computer Science, Information Systems, Software Engineering, Data Analytics, or other relevant technical fields Important notes Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. High-performing interns may be considered for return offers or full-time opportunities post-graduation. ***Applicants must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment visa at this time, including CPT/OPT.*** Base Salary Range $47,800.00 - $65,725.00 The salary range above shows the typical minimum to maximum base salary range for this position in the location listed. Non-sales positions have the opportunity to participate in a bonus program. Sales positions are eligible for sales incentives, and in some instances a bonus plan, whereby total compensation may far exceed base salary depending on individual performance. Actual compensation offered may vary from posted hiring range based upon geographic location, work experience, education, licensure requirements and/or skill level and will be finalized at the time of offer. Equal opportunity employer • Drug-free workplace We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age (40 and over), race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, religion, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable state or local law. ***For remote and hybrid positions you will be required to provide reliable high-speed internet with a wired connection as well as a place in your home to work with limited disruption. You must have reliable connectivity from an internet service provider that is fiber, cable or DSL internet. Other necessary computer equipment, will be provided. You may be required to work in the office if you do not have an adequate home work environment and the required internet connection.*** Job Posting End Date at 12:01 am on: 03-10-2026 Want the latest money news and views shaping how we live, work and play? Sign up for Empower’s free newsletter and check out The Currency. Joining our talent community will allow you to stay connected via email and receive news and updates. Want the latest money news and views shaping how we live, work and play? Sign up for Empower’s free newsletter and check out The Currency. Remote and Hybrid Positions For remote and hybrid positions you will be required to provide reliable high-speed internet with a wired connection as well as a place in your home to work with limited disruption. You must have reliable connectivity from an internet service provider that is fiber, cable or DSL internet. Other necessary computer equipment will be provided. You may be required to work in the office if you do not have an adequate homework environment and the required internet connection. Follow Empower Facebook, LinkedIn, X, Instagram, &amp; Glassdoor