Job Description : The New York Post provides readers with the best in News, Sports, Pop Culture and Entertainment – with signature wit, irreverence and authority averaging 90 million unique viewers a month. Over the past 224 years, The Post has evolved into a multi-platform media company spanning print, digital, video, audio, app, television and commerce. The New York Post Internship Program offers a dynamic, hands-on experience designed to give interns exposure to real world work within the media and news industry. Our interns are highly valued team members who work on meaningful projects that directly impact our business. Throughout the program, interns participate in career building masterclasses that support their professional growth and have the opportunity to build lasting relationships with peers and key leaders in the company. Build your skills, grow your network, and get an inside look at life behind the headlines. We are seeking a Software Engineering Intern (40 hrs/week) to join us this summer! You will help work on the systems that power The Post’s digital future. This is a hands-on engineering internship with a focus on infrastructure services, data pipelines, personalization systems, and custom APIs across AWS and GCP. You will build and maintain foundational services that enable our newsroom, data science, and product teams to deliver cutting-edge digital experiences at scale. You’ll work alongside senior engineers, product managers, and data teams, contributing to high-performance systems. Note: This internship is scheduled to run from June 1, 2026 - August 7, 2026. Participants are expected to work full time hours and adhere to our on-site work schedule. Open to current juniors and seniors pursuing a BA, MA students, and recent graduates who completed their degree within the past year. Priority consideration will be given to applications received by March 15th. What You'll Do: You will get to develop and operate AWS or GCP cloud-based applications and services. Gain experience with EC2, Elasticsearch, S3, Vertex AI, Lambdas, DynamoDB, Cloud Functions, Kubernetes, Glue, Athena, and BigQuery. Operate with Git, JIRA, and agile methodologies. Navigate a stack from Javascript in a browser down through DNS, networking, applications, containers and operating systems or serverless services, and into dependent service tiers. Write clean, testable, and maintainable code (Python or Node.js preferred). Collaborate with product, editorial, and data science teams to deliver infrastructure and services that meet business needs. Write and present ideas clearly. Document functional requirements for both technical and non-technical audiences. Participate in code reviews, architecture discussions, and agile sprint ceremonies. What We’re Looking For: Progress toward or recent achievement of a computer science degree or related field. Proficiency in a modern programming language such as Python, Node. Familiarity with HTTP, JSON, and API best practices. Strong problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and an eagerness to learn. Interest in media, news, publishing, video technology, ad technology, or other high-traffic consumer-facing industries. As an equal opportunity employer, the New York Post does not discriminate in hiring or the terms and conditions of employment because of an individual’s race, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, gender, sexual orientation, citizenship or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. The New York Post will consider the provision of reasonable accommodations to known physical or mental disabilities of otherwise qualified applicants to enable them to participate in our application process and to effectively perform the essential functions of the job, unless doing so would impose an undue financial or operational hardship. Pay Range: $20/Hr - $20/Hr At the New York Post, we’re passionate about providing readers with the best in National News, Sports, Entertainment, and Lifestyle like only the Post can – with wit, irreverence and authority. OUR BRANDS: Include The New York Post: expert news, extensive, award-winning sports coverage, and insider commentary, Page Six: an influential leader in celebrity and entertainment news, Decider.com: helping the on-demand generation discover the best streaming content, and Alexa: our luxury lifestyle print edition focused on the best in luxury fashion, real estate and travel. OUR REACH: People love us. We are one of the largest growing digital networks, averaging over 90 million unique visitors a month! Our social footprint continues to expand across Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube, where our videos average 313 million monthly views. OUR PEOPLE: The Post team is a group of diverse, creative, passionate minds – ever evolving and innovating. We believe news doesn’t have to be boring to be news… so we make sure it isn’t! OUR GROWTH: An ever evolving multi-platform media company, we span print, digital, video, social, podcast, app, commerce/affiliate, original TV programming, and Post Sports+, our newly launched Sports membership experience! We’re growing. Come join us!