Title: National Security Solutions (NSS) Internship – Tactical vPATSOC Emulator Engineer Intern Who We Are KBR Mission Technical Solutions delivers full life cycle professional and technical solutions that improve operational readiness and drive innovation. Our solutions help ensure mission success on land, air, sea, space and cyberspace for the Department of Defense, Intelligence Community, NASA and other federal agencies. KBR’s areas of expertise include engineering, logistics, operations, science, program management, mission IT and cybersecurity. KBR strives to create a safer, more secure and sustainable world by bringing together the best and brightest to deliver technologies and solutions that help our customers accomplish their most critical missions and objectives. The Mission Ahead This role is with KBR’s Mission Tech Solutions (MTS). At KBR MTS, we don't just envision a world that's safer, more secure, and sustainable - we create it. Our legacy of delivering advanced full life cycle professional and technical solutions is matched only by our commitment to operational readiness and innovation. As stewards of critical missions for the Department of Defense, Intelligence Community, NASA, and other key federal entities, we excel in engineering, logistics, operations, science, program management, mission IT, and cybersecurity. United in our quest for excellence, KBR stands at the vanguard, ready to transform possibilities into impactful realities for a better tomorrow. Why Join KBR? Mentorship from experienced subject matter experts Cutting edge projects, relevant to real world challenges Work in a collaborative and dynamic team environment Networking opportunities with other technologists and executives Competitive pay and great company culture As a National Security Solutions – Tactical vPATSOC Emulator Engineer Intern, you will: Develop an emulator to perform research and prototyping on the planning of satellite communications networks within the PATS Operations Center. Conduct Engineering, Integration, and Test as related to MILSATCOM planning Pathfinding and rapid prototyping in support of the PTES Mission Management System Feature development to support visualization of satellite communications networks Algorithm development to support visualization of satellite resource usage Selected interns for this paid opportunity will be provided with the opportunity to mentor with experienced professionals, gain experience and establish a name for themselves in this high demand career field. Required Skillset: Candidate must be pursuing a degree in a technical field (Bachelor’s, Graduate’s or PhD); must have excellent problem-solving skills. Knowledge and application of Python, SQL Strong desire to learn and absorb new information Strong verbal and written communications skills Must be able to commit to a minimum 1-semester summer co-op/internship. Strong work ethics and interpersonal skills Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Desired qualifications: Computer Science undergraduate student Industry certification(s) relating to your academic field Industry certification relating to your work Ability to work independently and take ownership of projects Able to return for a subsequent internship/co-op for the following year. Scheduled Weekly Hours: Average 40 hours per week, 10 weeks in duration during the period of Sumer 2026 Requirement: Must pass a Security Pre-Screen and have the ability to obtain a security clearance. Belong, Connect and Grow at KBR At KBR, we are passionate about our people and our Zero Harm culture. These inform all that we do and are at the heart of our commitment to, and ongoing journey toward being a People First company. That commitment is central to our team of team’s philosophy and fosters an environment where everyone can Belong, Connect and Grow. We Deliver – Together. KBR is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. KBR — Delivering Solutions, Changing the World. KBR brings together the best and brightest to deliver science, technology and engineering solutions that help governments and companies around the world accomplish their most critical missions and objectives. In everything we do, we are guided by our ONE KBR Values: We Value Our People – We create diverse, inclusive environments in which each person can feel safe, respected and valued, and where everyone has opportunities to grow and reach their full potential. We Deliver – We are uncompromising in our commitment to deliver innovative, high-quality, technology-led solutions for our customers and exceptional, sustainable value for all our stakeholders. We Are People of Integrity – We value honesty, trust, courage, fairness, prudence and tenacity. We believe doing what’s right for the planet, the communities where we work, and our people is good for business. We Empower – We empower our people with a shared purpose, the right tools and the supportive culture they need to be proactive decision-makers, to be adaptive to change, and to succeed. We Are a Team of Teams – We have a will to succeed, but we value the achievements of our team of teams over individual accomplishments. Our collective focus makes us a better, stronger, more effective company. We have also embedded environmental, social and governance (ESG) principles in every business operation and corporate function. Not only are we committed to operating safely, sustainably and equitably, but we are also committed to using our capabilities and expertise to help our customers accomplish their sustainability goals. Worldwide, KBR employs a diverse workforce approximately 29,000 people strong, with customers in more than 80 countries and operations in 40 countries. At KBR, We Deliver. Fraud Alert Fraud has infiltrated the job placement market via the internet, email and direct phone contact. Attempts have included unauthorized use of KBR’s name and logo to solicit potential job seekers or to extend false job offers. Bad actors may mix in fake job advertisements with legitimate postings. These ads can include contact instructions and require job seekers to send sensitive personal information or money to pay for visa applications, processing fees, etc., in exchange for consideration for a high-paying position. KBR will never ask for any sort of advance payment as part of the recruiting/hiring process. Candidate profiles are carefully managed to protect personal information.