At Arctic Wolf, we're not just navigating the cybersecurity landscape - we're redefining it. Our global team of dedicated Pack members is driving innovation and setting new industry standards every day. Our impact speaks for itself: we've earned recognition on the Forbes Cloud 100, CNBC Disruptor 50, Fortune Future 50, and Fortune Cyber 60 lists, and we recently took home the 2024 CRN Products of the Year award. We’re proud to be named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape for Worldwide Managed Detection and Response Services and earning a Customers' Choice distinction from Gartner Peer Insights. Our Aurora Platform also received CRN’s Products of the Year award in the inaugural Security Operations Platform category. Join a company that’s not only leading, but also shaping, the future of security operations. Our mission is simple: End Cyber Risk. We’re looking for Developer Co-ops for the Spring term (May - August 2026) to be part of making this happen. This role can be done remote from Canada, or if you are close to the Waterloo office, there is space for you there! We have roles across many different teams within our R&amp;D/Product function. Job responsibilities could include: Create and scale high-performance services in a real-time threat analysis pipeline Design, develop, test and deliver software in an agile environment Deploy containerized services to production within hours after your changes are merged, in keeping with our culture of Continuous Integration and Infrastructure-as-Code Work as part of a team of highly skilled engineers Continuously learn and expand your technical horizons Our Technology Stack: Golang, Python, Docker, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Kubernetes or ECS, Linux About You: Excited to work at the intersection of Big Data and the Cybersecurity problem spaces Love coding - experience with Go, Python strongly preferred Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Ability to manage time effectively, set priorities and meet deadlines Experience deploying services on cloud computing platforms (e.g, AWS, Azure, GCP) is preferred Experience working on distributed systems and microservices architecture is preferred Experience with lower-level networking is preferred At Arctic Wolf, we foster a collaborative and inclusive work environment that thrives on diversity of thought, background, and culture. This is reflected in our multiple awards, including Top Workplace USA (2021-2024), Best Places to Work – USA (2021-2024), Great Place to Work – Canada (2021-2024), Great Place to Work – UK (2024), and Kununu Top Company – Germany (2025). Our commitment to bold growth and shaping the future of security operations is matched by our dedication to customer satisfaction, with over 9,000 customers worldwide and more than 2,000 channel partners globally. As we continue to expand globally and enhance our technology, Arctic Wolf remains the most trusted name in the industry. Our Values Arctic Wolf recognizes that success comes from delighting our customers, so we work together to ensure that happens every day. We believe in diversity and inclusion, and truly value the unique qualities and unique perspectives all employees bring to the organization. And we appreciate that—by protecting people’s and organizations’ sensitive data and seeking to end cyber risk— we get to work in an industry that is fundamental to the greater good. We celebrate unique perspectives by creating a platform for all voices to be heard through our Pack Unity program. We encourage all employees to join or create a new alliance. See more about our Pack Unity here. We also believe and practice corporate responsibility, and have recently joined the Pledge 1% Movement, ensuring that we continue to give back to our community. We know that through our mission to End Cyber Risk we will continue to engage and give back to our communities. Arctic Wolf is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetics, or any other basis forbidden under federal, provincial, or local law. Arctic Wolf is committed to fostering a welcoming, accessible, respectful, and inclusive environment ensuring equal access and participation for people with disabilities. As such, we strive to make our entire employee experience as accessible as possible and provide accommodations as required for candidates and employees with disabilities and/or other specific needs where possible. Please let us know if you require any accommodations by emailing recruiting@arcticwolf.com. Security Requirements Conducts duties and responsibilities in accordance with AWN’s Information Security policies, standards, processes and controls to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of AWN business information (in accordance with our employee handbook and corporate policies). Background checks are required for this position. This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”). Please note that, if applicable, an offer for employment will be conditioned on authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export control laws and regulations. At Arctic Wolf, we recognize that success comes from delighting our customers. We believe in being lean – in constantly building, measuring, and learning in all aspects of our business. We truly value people. All wolves are welcome to join the Arctic Wolf pack, with compelling compensation packages, benefits, and equity for employees. Arctic Wolf is focused on building a workforce that is diverse and inclusive. If you’re excited about this role, but do not meet all of the qualifications listed above, we encourage you to apply. We review all applications. Arctic Wolf is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetics, or any other basis forbidden under federal, provincial, or local law. Arctic Wolf is committed to fostering a welcoming, accessible, respectful and inclusive environment ensuring equal access and participation for people with disabilities. As such, we strive to make our recruitment, assessment and selection processes as accessible as possible and provide accommodations as required for applicants with disabilities. If you require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may make a request by calling the Arctic Wolf general contact number at 1-888-272-8429 and asking to speak to Recruiting, or by emailing recruiting@arcticwolf.com.