Webb Wheel Products, Inc. As a part of the global industrial organization Marmon Holdings—which is backed by Berkshire Hathaway—you’ll be doing things that matter, leading at every level, and winning a better way. We’re committed to making a positive impact on the world, providing you with diverse learning and working opportunities, and fostering a culture where everyone’s empowered to be their best. Marmon Holdings, Inc., a Berkshire Hathaway company, is significantly investing in attracting, retaining, and developing the deep and diverse talent pool needed to support our more than 100 operating companies across the globe. Summary of Responsibilities: The Engineering Intern will work with the Engineering team on a variety of specific projects and areas as noted below. This position will report directly to the Webb AFT - John Walker but will have exposure to the wider business teams. Interns will complete a capstone type project over the summer culminating in a presentation to business leadership. Key Projects: • Problem solving and learning about modern technologies. • Communication of ideas and questions • Engineering in a cross-functional team (Mechanical, Electrical, Software) • Inquisitive nature &amp; self-starter who can implement with minimal guidance • Ability to effectively communicate technical issues and solutions to all levels of Product Engineering and Product Management • Demonstrated ability to effectively share technical information • Stay current and help select and implement modern technologies • Share knowledge and champion best practices Required Education and Experience: • Pursuing an undergraduate (or Graduate) degree in Mechanical Engineering or related field • Rising junior or senior • Strong interest in applying Mechanical and Electrical/AI knowledge to practical problems • Ability to comply with deadlines • Problem solving and critical thinking skills • Excellent organizational skills • Interest in technology and process improvement • Proficient in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint • No previous experience required Certain peak periods may provide opportunity for overtime. This is a paid position. The internship will run for 12 weeks from May to August. Exact dates flexible based on school schedules. We are an equal opportunity employer, and all applicants will be considered for employment without attention to their membership in any protected class. If you require any reasonable accommodation to complete your application or any part of the recruiting process, please email your request to careers@marmon.com, and please be sure to include the title and the location of the position for which you are applying. Following receipt of a conditional offer of employment, candidates will be required to complete additional job-related screening processes as permitted or required by applicable law. We are an equal opportunity employer, and all applicants will be considered for employment without attention to their membership in any protected class. If you require any reasonable accommodation to complete your application or any part of the recruiting process, please email your request to careers@marmon.com, and please be sure to include the title and the location of the position for which you are applying. Welcome to the biggest small business you’ll ever find. Part of Berkshire Hathaway, Marmon is a global industrial organization made of 11 industry groups with 30K employees and $12 billion in annual revenue. As leaders in their respective industries, our 120+ companies thrive on an independent mindset and entrepreneurial spirit. At the same time, they benefit from being part of our industry groups—where they’re able to tap into the expertise and insights of other Marmon companies. While we’re all unique, we all share a common commitment to doing things that matter, leading at every level, and winning a better way. Valerie Hebenstreit - University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 2020;2022: "As an intern at Marmon, I had the opportunity to work with several incredibly knowledgeable business leaders. Marmon offers a unique experience, one that has allowed me to grow my skills exponentially in one summer and now as a full-time employee." Hayley Bernson - University of Illinois Chicago, 2019: "My internship at Marmon was a rewarding experience. Having been provided with the opportunity to gain experience and knowledge surrounded by business professionals and leaders has helped me flourish into the tax professional I am today." Sophia DiFatta - University of Iowa, 2018: "As an intern at Marmon, I had the opportunity to apply the skills I was learning in school. Since then, I've been able to continue learning through experiences across many industries and job functions." Rosevette Toussaint - University of Central Florida, 2021: "When I began the internship, I knew continuing a career with Marmon would be the right decision. I enjoy being a part of Marmon because the company believes in developing, investing, and helping all its employees reach their highest potential." Fernando Jose Aguilar Harrison - Valparaiso University, 2015: "As an engineering intern at Cornelius, I had the opportunity to work on an exciting new development project for Starbucks and other F500 customers. Marmon Foodservice Technologies allows me to explore different roles in and outside of engineering." AWS Summit Series 2018 - Chicago: Jeff Garascia, Chief Innovation Officer at Marmon Holding Interview: Liz Nelson, VP of Human Resources Marmon Industrial Energy &amp; Infrastructure Career Recruitment Video Marmon Foodservice Technologies- Making A Difference