Our Purpose Mastercard powers economies and empowers people in 200+ countries and territories worldwide. Together with our customers, we’re helping build a sustainable economy where everyone can prosper. We support a wide range of digital payments choices, making transactions secure, simple, smart and accessible. Our technology and innovation, partnerships and networks combine to deliver a unique set of products and services that help people, businesses and governments realize their greatest potential. Title and Summary R-257373 Software Engineer Intern, Summer 2026 - London, UK Job Description Summary Mastercard works to connect and power a sustainable and inclusive global economy. We are a vehicle for commerce, a connection to financial systems for the previously excluded, a technology innovation lab, and the home of Priceless®. We ensure every EE has an opportunity to be a part of something bigger and to change lives. We believe in connecting everyone to endless, priceless possibilities. About the Team We are looking for talented software engineers to develop advanced technologies and applications that are revolutionizing payments. Software engineers at Mastercard build the systems that process transactions, analyze data, and detect fraud to gain insight into the direction of the economy on behalf of our customers. We are focused on building simple, safe, and smart solutions that instill trust in every interaction. Our industry expertise is enhanced by our commitment to being a force for good in the world and to doing well by doing good. Your summer experience will build on your business skills and contribute to the company's goals and objectives. Internship Program Mastercard’s summer internship program provides emerging talent with projects that will enhance skills as well as contribute to the department’s goals and objectives. In this program, you will participate in: • Networking events, mentorship opportunities, and hearing from senior leaders • Volunteer and team building opportunities. • Formal performance assessments • End-of-summer presentations to peers and Mastercard leadership. Role Description As a Software Engineer Intern, you will: • Be a member of a high-performing team of software development professionals. • Write high-quality code with a focus on security, design, and maintainability. • Be exposed to various phases of software development from design through rollout. Note: specific responsibilities and development tools/languages used will vary based on team placement. Non negotiable requirements: • To be available to work Full-time between 22nd June, 28th August 2026 • To be a Penultimate Masters/Undergraduate Student, due to graduate no earlier than 2027 Qualifications • Exposure to algorithms, data structures, and core computer science concepts • Proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Java, JavaScript, C#, Python, etc. • Exposure to automated tests to verify code correctness and expected behavior. • Knowledge of source control management (e.g., git), deployment, and task management tools. • Strong analytical and excellent problem-solving skills and familiar with the role of debugging tools and information which diagnose issues such as stack traces, memory profiling, code tracing, etc. IMMIGRATION STATEMENT IF NEEDED Corporate Security Responsibility All activities involving access to Mastercard assets, information, and networks comes with an inherent risk to the organization and, therefore, it is expected that every person working for, or on behalf of, Mastercard is responsible for information security and must: Abide by Mastercard’s security policies and practices; Ensure the confidentiality and integrity of the information being accessed; Report any suspected information security violation or breach, and Complete all periodic mandatory security trainings in accordance with Mastercard’s guidelines. Everyone wants easier ways to pay; we invent them. Checkout lines are slow; we speed them along. Merchants want more sales; we give them data and insights. People need financial access; we connect them. Corporate purchasing is complicated; we make it simple. Commuters are busy; we speed them on their way. Governments need greater efficiencies; we help create them. Small businesses are virtual; we give them access to a world of buyers. Retailers want to fight fraud; we provide the tools.