Description As a leading provider of annuities, MassMutual Ascend is committed to taking financial futures above and beyond. This means offering innovative products that fit our customers’ unique needs – whether it’s protecting their hard-earned savings, receiving guaranteed income or providing for loved ones. MassMutual Ascend is proud to offer customers a level of strength and stability they can count on for years to come. The Opportunity MassMutual Ascend Information Technology department is currently searching for an Server and Application Middleware System Administration Intern. The role will be performing the functions of application administration and deployment following our 4-Tier model for promotion to production operations. Job Responsibilities Assists in the administration, automation, and resolution of issues associated with all applications utilized by MassMutual Ascend Work with Middleware team and other departments to improve deployments to our 4-tier environment. Contributes to the project plans and timelines as applicable Establish an open relationship with customers, teammates, and other members of the Ascend IT Organization Complete assigned tasks as directed in a timely manner using operational standards and best practices Work with other team members to resolve issues with infrastructure, OS, applications (both COTS and internally developed) or integration of the same Follow the established standards, patterns, and processes Participate in team planning activities Perform other duties as assigned Minimum Qualifications Working towards a BS or MS in Computer Science or similar Scripting in PowerShell or other languages Windows OS Active Directory IIS Ideal Qualifications Application High Availability concepts Elite Troubleshooting skills Networking/TCP Communication Data Security/Firewalls What to Expect As an intern, you’ll have the opportunity to connect with other interns, managers and leaders at MassMutual Ascend while gaining hands-on experience in your area of focus. Focused one-on-one meetings with your manager. Ongoing opportunities for development and learning. Working in a fast-paced environment with available flexible work schedules. A place to grow your career in a culture that inspires, rewards and develops employees. Small company feel with a focus on meeting customer’s needs today and also well into the future. Propose your own ideas on projects. #LI-MM1 Why Join Us. At MassMutual Ascend, our collaborative culture is key to our success. It’s the reason we’re a leading provider of annuities today, and it’s the reason we’ll continue rising to the top tomorrow. A career at MassMutual Ascend means you’ll contribute to our mission of taking financial futures above and beyond – and you’ll be inspired to reach your own goals, too. As a wholly owned subsidiary of MassMutual, MassMutual Ascend continues to be an employer of choice in the Cincinnati, Ohio community. MassMutual Ascend Life Insurance Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We welcome all persons to apply. At MassMutual Ascend we focus on ensuring fair, equitable pay by providing competitive salaries, along with incentive and bonus opportunities for all employees. Your total compensation package includes either a bonus target or in a sales-focused role a Variable Incentive Compensation component. For more information about our extensive benefits offerings please check out our Total Rewards at a Glance.. MassMutual Ascend Life Insurance Company has a strong history, competitive market position and a sharp focus on service for both clients and distributors. We are a respected leader in the annuity market, particularly with fixed annuities and fixed indexed annuities sold through third party distribution. As a wholly owned subsidiary of MassMutual, MassMutual Ascend Life Insurance Company continues to be an employer of choice in the Cincinnati, Ohio community.