Our vision for the future is based on the idea that transforming financial lives starts by giving our people the freedom to transform their own. We have a flexible work environment, and fluid career paths. We not only encourage but celebrate internal mobility. We also recognize the importance of purpose, well-being, and work-life balance. Within Empower and our communities, we work hard to create a welcoming and inclusive environment, and our associates dedicate thousands of hours to volunteering for causes that matter most to them. Chart your own path and grow your career while helping more customers achieve financial freedom. Empower Yourself. Job Posting Description Our interns experience a wide range of opportunities during our 10-week summer internship program. We are looking for candidates who have an interest in the financial services industry and bring with them enthusiasm and passion for working in a fast-paced, growth-centric environment. Each intern will be paired with a manager, mentor, and executive sponsor for the summer and will present on a summer project at the end of the program. Interns are given opportunities to interact with senior leadership, learn about our various business areas, and network with peers and staff. During the internship, you will develop essential business acumen and engage with many aspects of our business. Our internship program includes professional and personal development training workshops. Interested candidates should be currently enrolled in a college or university and seeking a bachelor’s or master’s degree with a minimum GPA of 3.0. Interns should be planning on attending the fall semester/quarter following the internship. The internship program begins on Wednesday May 27th and concludes on Friday July 31st. This is an on-site and in-person internship based in our Greenwood Village, CO office. This is a 40-hour-per-week role and is a paid position. Hourly wages are between $24.00 and $25.00 based on the level of schooling completed. What you will do Our Backend Software Engineer Intern will assist with creating MCP tools and/or writing unit tests for MCP tools that will enable the AI agent to function at optimal capacity. This role provides the opportunity to apply your coursework and explore cutting-edge technologies to deliver real work business results. Along the way, you’ll gain valuable insights into the financial industry and discover how Empower is making a meaningful impact in our customers’ lives! What you will bring Currently enrolled in a college or university Minimum 3.0 GPA required Available for a 10-week internship from May 27th to July 31st Desire to experience an in-person office environment as part of your internship and ability to work in Greenwood Village, CO Interest in learning what it takes to be successful in business, particularly financial services Experience with Python, Java, Rest APIs, unit testing framework Demonstrate continuous learning of new technologies Strong verbal and written communication skills Demonstrate critical thinking and problem-solving skills Strong partnership skills with an ability to work collaboratively within a team and develop solid working partnerships with colleagues Self-directed and comfortable working independently on an internship project Proactively ask questions and seek help in order to successfully achieve goals and objectives while in an autonomous environment Approach work with a sense of curiosity Work with a customer service mindset and comfortable providing input to achieve goals Ability to see the intern project to conclusion What will set you apart Have completed the equivalent of 2 years of credits toward your bachelor’s degree within the past 2 years Experience with MCP, AI, Agentic Workflows Expected to be available for full-time employment by mid-2027 Preferred majors include Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, or other relevant field ***Applicants must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment visa at this time, including CPT/OPT.*** What we offer you We offer an array of diverse and inclusive benefits regardless of where you are in your career. We believe that providing our employees with the means to lead healthy balanced lives results in the best possible work performance. Medical, dental, vision and life insurance Retirement savings – 401(k) plan with generous company matching contributions (up to 6%), financial advisory services, potential company discretionary contribution, and a broad investment lineup Tuition reimbursement up to $5,250/year Business-casual environment that includes the option to wear jeans Generous paid time off upon hire – including a paid time off program plus ten paid company holidays and three floating holidays each calendar year Paid volunteer time — 16 hours per calendar year Leave of absence programs – including paid parental leave, paid short- and long-term disability, and Family and Medical Leave (FMLA) Business Resource Groups (BRGs) – BRGs facilitate inclusion and collaboration across our business internally and throughout the communities where we live, work and play. BRGs are open to all. Base Salary Range $43,600.00 - $60,025.00 The salary range above shows the typical minimum to maximum base salary range for this position in the location listed. Non-sales positions have the opportunity to participate in a bonus program. Sales positions are eligible for sales incentives, and in some instances a bonus plan, whereby total compensation may far exceed base salary depending on individual performance. Actual compensation offered may vary from posted hiring range based upon geographic location, work experience, education, licensure requirements and/or skill level and will be finalized at the time of offer. Equal opportunity employer • Drug-free workplace We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age (40 and over), race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, religion, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable state or local law. ***For remote and hybrid positions you will be required to provide reliable high-speed internet with a wired connection as well as a place in your home to work with limited disruption. You must have reliable connectivity from an internet service provider that is fiber, cable or DSL internet. Other necessary computer equipment, will be provided. You may be required to work in the office if you do not have an adequate home work environment and the required internet connection.*** Job Posting End Date at 12:01 am on: 03-11-2026 Want the latest money news and views shaping how we live, work and play? Sign up for Empower’s free newsletter and check out The Currency. Joining our talent community will allow you to stay connected via email and receive news and updates. Want the latest money news and views shaping how we live, work and play? Sign up for Empower’s free newsletter and check out The Currency. Remote and Hybrid Positions For remote and hybrid positions you will be required to provide reliable high-speed internet with a wired connection as well as a place in your home to work with limited disruption. You must have reliable connectivity from an internet service provider that is fiber, cable or DSL internet. Other necessary computer equipment will be provided. You may be required to work in the office if you do not have an adequate homework environment and the required internet connection. Follow Empower Facebook, LinkedIn, X, Instagram, &amp; Glassdoor