Who We Are: CAE Vision: Our vision is to be the worldwide partner of choice in defense and security, and civil aviation by revolutionizing our customers’ training and critical operations with digitally immersive solutions to elevate safety, efficiency and readiness. CAE Defense &amp; Security Mission: CAE's Defense and Security business unit focuses on helping prepare military customers to develop and maintain the highest levels of mission readiness. CAE Values: Empowerment, Innovation, Excellence, Integrity and OneCAE make us who we are and we strive to make a difference in the world while helping each other succeed. What We Have to Offer: Comprehensive and competitive benefits package and flexibility that promotes work-life balance A work environment where all employees are valued, respected and safe Freedom to succeed by enabling team members to deliver, take initiatives and make decisions Recognition, professional development, advancement and having fun! Summary Instructional Systems Co-op will work within the Software Engineering team supporting the development of Instructor Operator Station (IOS) Graphical User Interface (GUI). Job duties include software design, product code generation, testing, and integration with other training environment components. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Conduct multidisciplinary research and collaborate with equipment designers and/or hardware engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Analyze requirements and determine end user needs for implementation. Analyze system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls. Design and develop Windows and Linux applications. Contribute as a team member to prepare, update and/or maintain software design documentation and customer documentation. Ensure software and quality company processes and standards are met Qualifications and Education Requirements Candidate must possess a BS in engineering or related aviation or computer systems discipline. Intermediate professional with 1 to 2+ years of prior Software engineering experience using Object Oriented Design, Qt Framework (Qt 4.8+). Demonstrate ability to work under moderate supervision to design, develop, document, test and debug simulation software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions. The understanding of implementing functional requirements for computer software · Software languages: C/C++, C#. Preferred Skills Experience in a military simulation and training environment Ability to read, analyze, and interpret professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to make effective and persuasive presentations to management and the customer at program/project reviews and meetings Security Responsibilities Must comply with all company security and data protection / usage policies and procedures. Personally responsible for proper marking and handling of all information and materials, in any form. Shall not divulge any information, or afford access, to other employees not having a need-to-know. Shall not divulge information outside company without management approval. All government and proprietary information will be accessed and stored electronically on company provided resources. Incumbent must be eligible for DoD Personal Security Clearance. Due to U.S. Government contract requirements, only U.S. citizens are eligible for this role. Work Environment Duties performed in an office environment and manufacturing facility. Must be able to work overtime on and off-shifts as required. The employee is on call 24x7 for the resolution of problems and issues. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. May be required to be in a sitting position for long lengths of time. Must be able to climb stairs to enter and exit a simulator Must be able to support rack mounted equipment (Up to 7 feet off the group) Must be able to lift and carry a minimum of 50 pounds. This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely used standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, and filing cabinets. Other Duties Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for their job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice. CAE USA Inc. is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to any protected characteristic, including disability and protected veteran status, as defined under federal, state, or local laws. Applicants needing reasonable accommodations should contact their recruiter at any point in the recruitment process. If you need assistance to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at hrops@caemilusa.com About CAE At CAE, our mission is clear: to help make the world a safer place. For nearly 80 years, we’ve driven innovation in simulation, training, and mission readiness to support critical operations worldwide. By leveraging advanced technologies, we empower our customers to operate smarter, faster, and more sustainably. Join a purpose-driven organization where bold ideas are encouraged, collaboration drives progress, and your growth fuels our shared success. Position Type COOP-Student (Fixed Term) Equal Opportunity Employer CAE is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, national origin, age, religion, sex, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. At CAE, everyone is welcome to contribute to our success. Applicants needing reasonable accommodations should contact their recruiter at any point in the recruitment process. If you need assistance to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at CAECarrieres-Careers@cae.com. Data Privacy Privacy Statement | CAE CAE thanks all applicants for their interest. However, only those whose background and experience match the requirements of the role will be contacted. Welcome to CAE! As a global leader in Civil Aviation and Defense &amp; Security across 40 countries, we advance together as One CAE, fueled by thousands of passionate individuals operating in a culture where everyone can thrive. We hold ourselves accountable for building an inclusive community at every level, and our comprehensive benefits support you professionally and personally. Together, we are All For shaping a future where safety, sustainability, and inclusivity lead the way. Join us and be part of something bigger—where your impact reaches beyond CAE and helps shape the world of tomorrow. Not quite ready to apply? Join our Talent Community to stay current on the latest job opportunities, news, and events.