Software Engineering Intern, Device Experiences - HP IQ Description - About The Role: HP IQ’s Experiences Software Engineering team is responsible for developing the unique interactions, frameworks, and applications required for a new class of device. We work closely with our Design, System Software, Computer Vision, and Cloud Services teams, enabling first-of-their-kind experiences for our re-imagining of what a computing platform can be. We’re creating intuitive, reliable, and highly performant interactions that are truly transformative. 2026 Internship Program Dates: May/June-August/September 2026. Final dates based on student schedule. What You Might Do Contribute to building blocks of our frameworks to create enjoyable user experiences Collaborate closely with our design team to prototype and bring interactions to life Solve challenging problems and communicate issues and needs clearly Work on new interaction models, connecting unique sensors to application-level frameworks Essential Qualifications Pursuing a degree (Bachelors or Masters) in Computer Science or related technical field Strong programming skills in one more languages such as Java or C++ Preferred Skills Strong communication skills and highly collaborative Eagerness to learn and be adaptable Passion for creating user facing products Experience developing for mobile platforms Pay range: $45-48/hr Job - Administration Schedule - Full time Shift - No shift premium (United States of America) Travel - Relocation - Yes Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO) - HP, Inc. provides equal employment opportunity to all employees and prospective employees, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, sexual orientation, age, disability, or status as a protected veteran, marital status, familial status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic predisposition or carrier status, uniformed service status, political affiliation or any other characteristic protected by applicable national, federal, state, and local law(s). Please be assured that you will not be subject to any adverse treatment if you choose to disclose the information requested. This information is provided voluntarily. The information obtained will be kept in strict confidence. For more information, review HP’s EEO Policy or read about your rights as an applicant under the law here: “Know Your Rights: Workplace Discrimination is Illegal" You want to reshape the way the world works. So do we. You’re looking for more than just a job; you’re looking to make a difference. That means creating something new. Something that matters. Something that changes how the world works for the better. A career at HP can help you build the tomorrow you want. Let’s grow together. Privacy, Terms of Use and Accessibility Our founders believed that business exists when people work together to ‘accomplish something collectively which they could not accomplish separately.’ We uphold a zero-tolerance policy towards discrimination and treat everyone with respect. By maintaining these principles, we empower the HP team to contribute to our collective success and the future of work. Learn more about HP personal data practices at Privacy Statement, Personal Data Rights Notice (where applicable), Accessibility at HP, and Terms. You can be yourself at HP. Learn more Having trouble with this page or with applying to a role? Click here to submit a request for support.