Software Engineering Intern, Product Security - HP IQ Description - About the Role HP IQ’s Security Team is creating something the world has never seen before. We are attempting something truly impactful — innovating at the deepest levels of hardware and launching a service that will inspire users to experience computing in an entirely new way. Privacy and security are not just priorities; they are fundamental to our product and essential to our success. We are seeking a software engineering intern ready to take on the challenge of securing users’ devices, users’ data, and HP IQ’s infrastructure. We see security as the key to accomplishing what other companies cannot. If you thrive at balancing exceptional user experiences with strong security, this is the place for you. 2026 Internship Program Dates: May/June-August/September 2026. Final dates based on student schedule. What You Might Do Implement security features and write code (We use a lot of C, C++, Java and Python.) Analyze the security and privacy features of HP IQ products and experiences Work on a number of security &amp; privacy features such as Multi-Factor (MFA), privacy consent, encryption, authentication, Hardware Security Modules (HSMs), etc. Essential Qualifications Pursuing a degree (Bachelors or Masters) in Computer Science or related technical field Strong software engineering skills Ability to thrive in a collaborative environment Interest in privacy &amp; security Interest in product design &amp; development Experience with C, C++, Java or Python Preferred Skills An understanding of security concepts (cryptography, access control, authorization, network security, software security) Ability to “think paranoid” as a basis for threat modeling Salary range: $45 - $48/per hour Job - Administration Schedule - Full time Shift - No shift premium (United States of America) Travel - Relocation - Yes Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO) - HP, Inc. provides equal employment opportunity to all employees and prospective employees, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, sexual orientation, age, disability, or status as a protected veteran, marital status, familial status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic predisposition or carrier status, uniformed service status, political affiliation or any other characteristic protected by applicable national, federal, state, and local law(s). Please be assured that you will not be subject to any adverse treatment if you choose to disclose the information requested. This information is provided voluntarily. The information obtained will be kept in strict confidence. For more information, review HP’s EEO Policy or read about your rights as an applicant under the law here: “Know Your Rights: Workplace Discrimination is Illegal" You want to reshape the way the world works. So do we. You’re looking for more than just a job; you’re looking to make a difference. That means creating something new. Something that matters. Something that changes how the world works for the better. A career at HP can help you build the tomorrow you want. Let’s grow together. Privacy, Terms of Use and Accessibility Our founders believed that business exists when people work together to ‘accomplish something collectively which they could not accomplish separately.’ We uphold a zero-tolerance policy towards discrimination and treat everyone with respect. By maintaining these principles, we empower the HP team to contribute to our collective success and the future of work. Learn more about HP personal data practices at Privacy Statement, Personal Data Rights Notice (where applicable), Accessibility at HP, and Terms. You can be yourself at HP. Learn more Having trouble with this page or with applying to a role? Click here to submit a request for support.