Manulife Investment Management’s Quantitative Development team is a small group with a broad mandate to design and implement investment analysis at scale—from the firm-wide to the security- level—for $500B+ in investments across the Global Wealth and Asset Management segment. The team’s goal is to help the company deliver better investment outcomes more efficiently. In this role, you will have exposure to important quantitative projects in support of the front office. 1. Research and implement quantitative strategies to support investment teams across equities, fixed income, derivatives, asset allocation, and trading. 2. Support data acquisition, modeling, and quality monitoring as part of daily cycle. 3. Formulate research findings for internal publication and presentation to the investment team. What we are looking for: • Working knowledge of Python, machine learning libraries, and general applications of AI models. • MS candidates in financial engineering, data science, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or physics. MS in finance candidates with quantitative training in undergrad will also be considered. • Strong communication skills. • Motivated to get it done together, loves to continually learn and collaborate on important cross- functional groups. Professional/Education Experience: • Previous work experience in software engineering a plus. • Knowledge of version control, with some projects in GitHub or GitLab. • Understanding of assumptions required and algorithms used in machine learning and AI methods. About Manulife and John Hancock Manulife Financial Corporation is a leading international financial services provider, helping people make their decisions easier and lives better. To learn more about us, visit https://www.manulife.com/en/about/our-story.html. Manulife is an Equal Opportunity Employer At Manulife/John Hancock, we embrace our diversity. We strive to attract, develop and retain a workforce that is as diverse as the customers we serve and to foster an inclusive work environment that embraces the strength of cultures and individuals. We are committed to fair recruitment, retention, advancement and compensation, and we administer all of our practices and programs without discrimination on the basis of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, religion or religious beliefs, creed, sex (including pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions), sexual orientation, genetic characteristics, veteran status, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, or any other ground protected by applicable law. It is our priority to remove barriers to provide equal access to employment. A Human Resources representative will work with applicants who request a reasonable accommodation during the application process. All information shared during the accommodation request process will be stored and used in a manner that is consistent with applicable laws and Manulife/John Hancock policies. To request a reasonable accommodation in the application process, contact hr@manulife.com. Working Arrangement Hybrid Know Your Rights I Family &amp; Medical Leave I Employee Polygraph Protection I Right to Work I E-Verify Company: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) We are committed to creating a workplace that offers unlimited opportunities for employees to realize their career goals. Whether it’s working abroad, exploring a new career direction or simply progressing in their chosen field, we help our employees reach their full potential.