Pay Rate/Hourly Range: The hourly range is $20.00 - $43.00 per hour. Pay is based on factors including school year, program of study, role responsibilities, etc. CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. (CCC) is a leading cloud platform for the multi-trillion-dollar insurance economy, creating intelligent experiences for insurers, repairers, automakers, part suppliers, and more. At CCC, we’re making life just work by empowering more than 35,000 businesses with industry-leading technology to get drivers back on the road and to health quickly and seamlessly. We’re pushing boundaries with innovative AI solutions that simplify and enhance the claims and repair journey. Through purposeful innovation and the strength of its connections, CCC technologies empower the people and industry relied upon to keep lives moving forward when it matters most. Learn more about CCC at www.cccis.com. The Role Our program is designed to #CCCJumpstart your career! As a Software Engineer Intern on the Casualty Engineering team, you will gain hands-on experience developing modern cloud-based applications using the Microsoft technology stack. You’ll work closely with experienced engineers and technical leaders, contribute to real product features, and learn how modern enterprise software is built—from design and development to testing and delivery. You’ll also participate in CCC’s internship programming, including professional development workshops, intern networking events, and Lunch &amp; Learns with CCC leaders. Key Responsibilities: The Casualty Engineering team builds and modernizes core insurance technology products used across CCC’s ecosystem. Our applications are built using .NET, C#, Azure Cloud Services, REST APIs, SQL Server, and modern JavaScript frameworks. We are looking for students who are passionate about software engineering, excited to learn cloud-native practices, and curious about how AI-assisted coding tools are reshaping the future of development. You’ll gain exposure to designing, coding, testing, and deploying features in a real enterprise engineering environment. Interns on this team work on projects such as: Building and extending cloud-based APIs and microservices Building code on .NET 8 and Azure services Developing front-end features using modern UI frameworks. Writing SQL queries and working with SQL Server databases Using AI coding assistants (GitHub Copilot, Azure AI) to accelerate development Enhancing observability, logging, and automated test coverage This is a great opportunity for individuals who enjoy creative problem solving, clean coding practices, and learning new technologies. Requirements: We’re looking for students who have completed their Junior year (Bachelor’s) or are currently pursuing a Master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field. Ideal candidates will have exposure to or interest in: Using AI-assisted coding tools responsibly (GitHub Copilot, Cursor, etc.) C# or object-oriented programming Bonus experience (not required): Knowledge of security best practices or OWASP concepts Experience with Git, GitHub, or Azure DevOps Exposure to cloud-native concepts Building simple web applications or REST APIs JavaScript or modern UI frameworks SQL fundamentals (queries, joins, relational concepts) Azure basics (App Services, Functions, storage) will be a plus, not required Writing clean, testable code and learning software design patterns A passion for learning, problem solving, and collaborating on a team About CCC's Commitment to Employees: CCC Intelligent Solutions understands that our employees play an integral role in our vision to shape a world where life just works. Our team is defined by our values of Integrity, Customer-Focus, Innovation, Inclusion &amp; Diversity, Tenacity, and Connection. Through diverse perspectives, purposeful innovation, and the strength of connections, our technologies empower the people and industry relied upon to keep lives moving forward when it matters most. At CCC, together everyone can thrive as we innovate and collaborate, creating employee experiences that just work. We are committed to providing opportunities for our people to make real-life impacts, advance in their careers, and contribute to CCC’s success. CCC offers competitive compensation and benefits to support you and your families, including: 401K Match Paid time off Annual Incentive Plan Performance Bonus Comprehensive health insurance Adoption Assistance Tuition Reimbursement Wellness Programs Stock Purchase Plan options Employee Resource Groups For more information about our benefits, please check out our careers site. Here, you belong. You are seen, valued, and respected. We celebrate you for who you are and all you bring. Every voice is heard and is important to our success. You can hear what employees have to say about our culture here If you require reasonable accommodation to complete a job application, please contact (800) 621-8070. Introduce yourself to our recruiters, and we'll get in touch if there's a role that seems like a good match CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. (CCC) is a leading cloud platform for the multi-trillion-dollar insurance economy, creating intelligent experiences for insurers, repairers, automakers, part suppliers, and more. At CCC, we’re making life just work by empowering more than 35,000 businesses with industry-leading technology to get drivers back on the road and to health quickly and seamlessly. We’re pushing boundaries with innovative AI solutions that simplify and enhance the claims and repair journey. Through purposeful innovation and the strength of its connections, CCC technologies empower the people and industry relied upon to keep lives moving forward when it matters most. Learn more about CCC at www.cccis.com.