A Career at HARMAN As a technology leader that is rapidly on the move, HARMAN is filled with people who are focused on making life better. Innovation, inclusivity and teamwork are a part of our DNA. When you add that to the challenges we take on and solve together, you’ll discover that at HARMAN you can grow, make a difference and be proud of the work you do every day. Introduction: A Career at HARMAN Automotive We’re a global, multi-disciplinary team that’s putting the innovative power of technology to work and transforming tomorrow. At HARMAN Automotive, we give you the keys to fast-track your career. Engineer audio systems and integrated technology platforms that augment the driving experience Combine ingenuity, in-depth research, and a spirit of collaboration with design and engineering excellence Advance in-vehicle infotainment, safety, efficiency, and enjoyment About the Role Interns on the Domain HMI team will be contributing to the teams actual deliverables. All code will be submitted into our release repositories and will be delivered to our customers. Candidates will have the same roles and responsibility's of every other team member What You Will Do Develop Modern Android Applications: Work with Kotlin and Jetpack Compose to create user-friendly, efficient, and scalable Android apps. Apply Test-Driven Development (TDD): Write and execute unit tests, integration tests, and UI tests to ensure robust code quality. Contribute to New Features: Design, implement, and refine features to enhance user experience. Debug and Optimize Code: Identify and fix bugs, and optimize app performance to maintain smooth functionality. Stay Updated: Research and incorporate modern Android development trends and best practices. Work directly with the software development team Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code Conduct unit testing and debugging Contribute to code reviews What You Need to Be Successful Familiarity with programming languages (e.g.., Java, Kotlin, C++) Coursework in computer engineering, computer science, or other related topics Strong problem-solving and analytical skills Excellent communication and teamwork abilities Eagerness to learn and improve as a software developer Bonus Points if You Have Experience with Git Knowledge of Android Application Development What Makes You Eligible Must be currently enrolled in a related Bachelor's Degree program or higher at an accredited institution having completed your Sophomore year or later, taking at least one class in the semester/quarter before participation in the internship program, and returning to school for at least one semester upon completion of the internship program Must have a cumulative 3.0 GPA Be willing to work in an office in Novi, Michigan. Able to provide your own housing and transportation to/from work. Must possess unrestricted work authorization. Successfully complete a background investigation and drug screen as a condition of employment Must provide full work availability from May 18, 2026 through August 7, 2026 and be able to work 40 hours per week What We Offer Flexible work environment, allowing for hybrid work for positions/tasks that can be performed outside a HARMAN location Access to employee discounts on world-class Harman and Samsung products (JBL, HARMAN Kardon, AKG, etc.) Extensive training opportunities through our own HARMAN University Access to HARMAN Campus Fitness Center and Cafeteria An inclusive and diverse work environment that fosters and encourages professional and personal development Pay Transparency Freshman: $21.00 Sophomore: $23.00 Junior: $25.00 Senior: $27.00 Master: $32.00 Doct: $38.00 Dependent on the internship offered, pay is based on factors, including without limitation, the applicant's level of education and business need. Benefits HARMAN is interested in your health and wellbeing and offers benefits designed to support your wellbeing. Benefits and perks may vary depending on the nature of your relationship with HARMAN, and may include paid sick leave and medical benefits. #LI-KV2 HARMAN is proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. About HARMAN International HARMAN (harman.com) designs and engineers connected products and solutions for consumers, automakers, and enterprises worldwide, including audio, visual and infotainment systems; enterprise automation solutions; and software services. With leading brands including AKG®, Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon® , Mark Levinson ® and Revel®, HARMAN is admired by audiophiles, musicians and the entertainment venues where they perform around the world. HARMAN also is a technology and integration services leader for the Automotive, Mobile, Telecommunications and Enterprise markets. More than 25 million automobiles on the road today are equipped with HARMAN audio and infotainment systems. The Company's software solutions power billions of mobile devices and systems that are connected, integrated, personalized, adaptive and secure across all platforms, from the work and home to car and mobile. HARMAN has a workforce of approximately 30,000 people across the Americas, Europe, and Asia. In March 2017, HARMAN became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics. HARMAN is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or Protected Veterans status. HARMAN offers a great work environment, brilliant career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation. Looking for a challenge where your experience is valued? Come see what you can achieve as a leader with HARMAN! DO NOT apply on this page. Click HARMAN logo in top left to search and apply.