In a world of possibilities, pursue one with endless opportunities. Imagine Next! At Parsons, you can imagine a career where you thrive, work with exceptional people, and be yourself. Guided by our leadership vision of valuing people, embracing agility, and fostering growth, we cultivate an innovative culture that empowers you to achieve your full potential. Unleash your talent and redefine what’s possible. Job Description: CTI, a Parsons Company is seeking highly motivated interns specializing in Software, Electrical, and Mechanical engineering to join our team. As a leading high-tech software and systems engineering corporation in the defense and space industry, CTI provides top-quality engineering, system development, and support. Our expertise lies in real-time, decision support, and electronic warfare systems, sensor integration, and information management. Internship Opportunity In this internship role, you will have the opportunity to work alongside our experienced engineering development team and gain hands-on experience in developing cutting-edge technologies that support military and security applications. You will be involved in all stages of the software development lifecycle, from requirements analysis and design to testing and deployment. Our interns are gaining hands-on experience, expanding their knowledge, and growing their network during their time with us, as well as receiving access to events for their professional development and curated mentorship. As part of our internship program, interns aren’t just here to learn what we do, they're here to contribute to our culture, elevate their careers, and imagine next with us. With providing exceptional experience for our interns. The program consists of multi subjects and will be conducted for the period of twelve weeks this summer. What You will be doing: At CTI, our internship program is designed to immerse you in real-world engineering challenges where your academic knowledge meets practical application. As an intern, you’ll work side-by-side with experienced professionals and clients, contributing directly to meaningful projects. This internship includes hands-on collaboration, problem-solving, and innovation. You’ll gain valuable insight into the industry while building the skills and confidence to launch your career. At CTI, we believe your internship should be more than just a summer job. It is a launchpad for your future. Our interns engage in insightful employee-led discussions, engage in personalized mentorship experiences, and attend career-building experiences designed to help you explore your professional path and envision what’s possible. You’ll also have plenty of opportunities to build your network through curated events that connect you with fellow interns, CTI leaders, and industry professionals. Whether you're seeking guidance, inspiration, or collaboration, you'll find it here. In a community that’s invested in your growth. Necessary skills and experience: Must be currently enrolled in a college/university program and in pursuit of a degree in engineering. Must maintain a strong academic record and completed relevant coursework to the position Academic or work experience with high-level coding languages and scripting languages, such as Java, C/C++, JavaScript US Citizenship is required Beneficial skills and experience: Academic or work experience in programming, analytical and/or math skills Academic or work experience applying Software Development concepts, object-oriented design, design patterns, activities, and approaches Security Clearance Requirement: None This position is part of our Federal Solutions team. The Federal Solutions segment delivers resources to our US government customers that ensure the success of missions around the globe. Our intelligent employees drive the state of the art as they provide services and solutions in the areas of defense, security, intelligence, infrastructure, and environmental. We promote a culture of excellence and close-knit teams that take pride in delivering, protecting, and sustaining our nation's most critical assets, from Earth to cyberspace. Throughout the company, our people are anticipating what’s next to deliver the solutions our customers need now. Salary Range: $22.93 - $40.14 We value our employees and want our employees to take care of their overall wellbeing, which is why we offer best-in-class benefits such as 401K! Parsons is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other protected status. We truly invest and care about our employee’s wellbeing and provide endless growth opportunities as the sky is the limit, so aim for the stars! Imagine next and join the Parsons quest—APPLY TODAY! Parsons is aware of fraudulent recruitment practices. To learn more about recruitment fraud and how to report it, please refer to https://www.parsons.com/fraudulent-recruitment/. Founded in 1944, Parsons Corporation, a digitally enabled solutions provider, is focused on creating the future of the defense, intelligence, and critical infrastructure markets. From Earth to outer space, we deliver tomorrow’s solutions today. Equipped with the capabilities required to take on any defense, intelligence, or critical infrastructure challenge, our agile, innovative, and disruptive approach enables us to deliver solutions at the speed of relevance. Our people are our greatest asset. We strive to be an employer of choice that engages employees in the community and creates rewarding career paths to cultivate a resilient workforce that is ready for the future. For more about Parsons, visit parsons.com and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and YouTube.