Pay Rate/Hourly Range: The hourly range is $20.00 - $43.00 per hour. Pay is based on factors including school year, program of study, role responsibilities, etc. CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. (CCC) is a leading cloud platform for the multi-trillion-dollar insurance economy, creating intelligent experiences for insurers, repairers, automakers, part suppliers, and more. At CCC, we’re making life just work by empowering more than 35,000 businesses with industry-leading technology to get drivers back on the road and to health quickly and seamlessly. We’re pushing boundaries with innovative AI solutions that simplify and enhance the claims and repair journey. Through purposeful innovation and the strength of its connections, CCC technologies empower the people and industry relied upon to keep lives moving forward when it matters most. Learn more about CCC at www.cccis.com. The Role Our program is designed to #CCCJumpstart your career! At CCC, you will work and learn alongside innovative and inspiring leaders and gain valuable experience working on real business solutions in a corporate setting. You will also have an opportunity to participate in unique events throughout the summer from professional development workshops to Lunch and Learn events with CCC colleagues and leaders. Key Responsibilities: The Payment Platform is an enterprise-scale product that integrates with multiple external vendors to deliver flexible, secure, and highly scalable payment capabilities. CCC Workflow, Parts, and Salvage customers are integrated with the CCC Payment Platform to enable seamless payment processing across the ecosystem. The team focuses on building a scalable, resilient, and high-quality platform, following Agile development practices, with an emphasis on continuous improvement, automation, and operational excellence. Requirements: In order to be considered for this role you are required to be in pursuit of an Associate, Bachelor's or Master's throughout your internship. If you have completed your sophomore/junior year at a top-tier university and have demonstrated excellence in your academic studies, this opportunity is right for you. We are looking for candidates who offer strong collaborative skills and work well with a team. Below is a list of technologies we use and are potentially looking for Java OO development Experience with developing UI with VueJS or similar technology Experience with developing Java REST services – Java, J2EE, Spring, Spring Boot Experience with writing SQL queries with Oracle, MySQL aurora, postgres or similar technology Exposure to Storm/Kafka or other Big Data would be a plus About CCC's Commitment to Employees: CCC Intelligent Solutions understands that our employees play an integral role in our vision to shape a world where life just works. Our team is defined by our values of Integrity, Customer-Focus, Innovation, Inclusion &amp; Diversity, Tenacity, and Connection. Through diverse perspectives, purposeful innovation, and the strength of connections, our technologies empower the people and industry relied upon to keep lives moving forward when it matters most. At CCC, together everyone can thrive as we innovate and collaborate, creating employee experiences that just work. We are committed to providing opportunities for our people to make real-life impacts, advance in their careers, and contribute to CCC’s success. CCC offers competitive compensation and benefits to support you and your families, including: 401K Match Paid time off Annual Incentive Plan Performance Bonus Comprehensive health insurance Adoption Assistance Tuition Reimbursement Wellness Programs Stock Purchase Plan options Employee Resource Groups For more information about our benefits, please check out our careers site. Here, you belong. You are seen, valued, and respected. We celebrate you for who you are and all you bring. Every voice is heard and is important to our success. You can hear what employees have to say about our culture here If you require reasonable accommodation to complete a job application, please contact (800) 621-8070. Introduce yourself to our recruiters, and we'll get in touch if there's a role that seems like a good match CCC Intelligent Solutions Inc. (CCC) is a leading cloud platform for the multi-trillion-dollar insurance economy, creating intelligent experiences for insurers, repairers, automakers, part suppliers, and more. At CCC, we’re making life just work by empowering more than 35,000 businesses with industry-leading technology to get drivers back on the road and to health quickly and seamlessly. We’re pushing boundaries with innovative AI solutions that simplify and enhance the claims and repair journey. Through purposeful innovation and the strength of its connections, CCC technologies empower the people and industry relied upon to keep lives moving forward when it matters most. Learn more about CCC at www.cccis.com.