Service Center Naperville - 801 Frontenac JOB SUMMARY Caliber Collision has an immediate job opening for a Technician Apprentice Program (TAP) – Body Apprentice to perform all-purpose duties, which may include, but not limited to repairing damaged vehicles to pre-accident condition using industry-approved repair techniques and take responsibility for learning all training material and hands-on skills. The TAP Body Apprentice will also follow the mentor’s direction while learning to read estimates, identify damage, repair vehicles, and check work for quality and accuracy. OUR TECHNICIAN APPRENTICE PROGRAM – BODY APPRENTICE FOR THIS POSITION CAN MAKE UP TO: $18 per hour! BENEFITS OF JOINING OUR TECHNICIAN APPRENTICE PROGRAM: Weekly Pay: Get paid every Friday! Benefits from day one: When you join TAP, you’ll become immediately eligible for medical, dental and vision Start your OWN tool set: You’ll receive a Snap-On tool bag with tools after 90 days in the program Anniversary Bonus: $1,000 after you complete 12 months in your body tech role after graduation from the program No experience required: If the only thing you know about cars is how to drive them, that’s OK, we’ll teach you the rest No student debt: Since we pay you for this program, you’ll have zero student loan payments with greater earning potential sooner A career for life: You’ll graduate from TAP with in-demand skills and a brand-new career as a body technician Earning Potential: $70,000+ Per Year earning potential after completing the program! REQUIREMENTS Be at least 18 years of age Have a valid driver’s license and be eligible for coverage under Caliber’s insurance policy Nice to have, but not required: Previous collision experience and/or Collision Vo-Tech certification ABILITIES/SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE Ability to do consistent physical activity – reach below and above shoulder level, kneeling, bending, and squatting, and lifting objects over 50 lbs. Be able to understand instructions – written and verbal Can prioritize competing tasks and adapt easily to a fast-paced environment Complete required training and certifications relating to TAP Caliber is an Equal Opportunity Employer Caliber uses E-Verify to confirm the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires. Must be eligible to work in the U.S. with no restrictions. About Caliber Founded in 1997, the Caliber portfolio of brands has grown to more than 1,600 centers nationwide and features a full range of complementary automotive services, including Caliber Collision, one of the nation's largest auto collision repair providers across more than 40 states and Caliber Auto Glass for glass repair and replacement. Caliber was recognized as the only company of its kind to make the Forbes list of "America's Best Large Employers," an honor awarded to companies with high employee satisfaction. Caliber was also the only auto service provider to receive an Inc. 2021 Best in Business gold medal in the Extra-Large Company (500+ employees) category, recognizing Caliber for going above and beyond to make a positive impact. With the purpose of Restoring the Rhythm of Your Life®, Caliber's more than 25,000 teammates are committed to getting customers back on the road safely—and back to the rhythm of their lives—every day. Dedicated to providing an outstanding customer experience, Caliber continues to rank among the highest customer satisfaction scores in the industry. Caliber is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. Learn more about Caliber at caliber.com. At Caliber, our purpose is Restoring the Rhythm of Your Life®. It drives us. It's the promise we make to our guests AND our teammates. These five core values help us deliver on that promise everyday. Caliber provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including (but not limited to) recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training Caliber provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in the application process. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact legal@calibercollision.com.