Job Summary: A software development intern collaborates with a team of colleagues and mentors to strategize, design, create, evaluate, and launch new software applications or improvements to existing systems. They broaden their understanding of programming principles, effectively implement real-world solutions to specific challenges, enhance their proficiency in testing methods, confirm the correct operation of systems, and eloquently articulate the advantages of their solutions. Responsibilities: Learns development tools, best practices, and programming concepts quickly and accurately with mentor guidance. Collaborates successfully with peers in all aspects of software development. Independently completes simple coding tasks. Incorporates feedback from team lead(s) positively. Master's the team's business domain basics within 1 month and detailed knowledge within 3. Engages in design discussions and provides valuable input. Documents, implements, and tests one or more high-quality features with peer and mentor assistance. Actively and constructively participates in code reviews and submits code for review. Required Skills: Basic programming skills in Java. Strong teamwork skills. Exceptional analytical skills. Strong computer skills, including proficiency in Microsoft Office. Excellent attention to detail and strong documentation skills. Outstanding verbal and written communication skills. Strong organizational and interpersonal skills. Exceptional problem-solving abilities. Education and Experience: Current students pursuing a four-year degree in Computer Science or related field. Salary Range $0.00 - $10,000,000.00 This is the pay range the Company believes it will pay for this position at the time of this posting. Consistent with applicable law, compensation will be determined based on relevant experience, other job-related qualifications/skills, and geographic location (to account for comparative cost of living). The Company reserves the right to modify this pay range at any time. For this role, benefits include: health/vision/dental insurance, 401(k), PTO, parental leave, and medical leave, STD/LTD insurance benefits. Clearwater Analytics is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Thank you for your interest in a career with Clearwater! Clearwater Analytics (NYSE: CWAN) is transforming investment management with the industry’s most comprehensive cloud-native platform for institutional investors across global public and private markets. While legacy systems create risk, inefficiency, and data fragmentation, Clearwater’s single-instance, multi-tenant architecture delivers real-time data and AI-driven insights throughout the investment lifecycle. The platform eliminates information silos by integrating portfolio management, trading, investment accounting, reconciliation, regulatory reporting, performance, compliance, and risk analytics in one unified system. Serving leading insurers, asset managers, hedge funds, banks, corporations, and governments, Clearwater supports over $8.8 trillion in assets globally. Learn more at www.clearwateranalytics.com. Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. We are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the job description, we encourage you to still apply! You may be just what we're looking for.