About Us: How many companies can say they’ve been in business for over 179 years?! Here at ZEISS, we certainly can! As the pioneers of science, ZEISS handles the everchanging environments in a fast-paced world, meeting it with cutting edge of technologies and continuous advancements. ZEISS believes that innovation and technology are the key to a sustainable future and solutions for global change. We have a diverse range of portfolios throughout the ZEISS family in segments like, Industrial Quality &amp; Research, Medical Technology, Consumer Markets and Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology. We are a global company with over 46,000 employees and have over 4,000 in the US and Canada alone! Make a difference, come join the team! Location/Region: This position is located in Dublin, CA What’s the role? Contribute to concept / exploratory software initiatives using software development skills. Sound Interesting? Here’s what you’ll do: Introduction to ZEISS’s medical device and software Explore software and/or process improvement opportunities Implement prototype software and/or process workflow improvements Do you qualify? Pursuing Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field (STEM). The hourly pay for this position is $23.00 - $25.00. The pay offered for this role may be influenced by factors such as job location, scope of role, qualifications, education, experience, &amp; complexity/specialization/scarcity of talent. Your ZEISS Recruiting Team: Jo Anne Mittelman Zeiss provides Equal Employment Opportunity without unlawful regard to an Applicants race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender, marital status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, military or veteran status, citizen status, sexual orientation, pregnancy (includes childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical condition), genetic predisposition, carrier status, gender expression or identity, including transgender identity, or any other class or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law of the employee (or the people with whom the employee associates, including relatives and friends). Step out of your comfort zone, excel and redefine the limits of what is possible. That’s just what our employees are doing every single day – in order to set the pace through our innovations and enable outstanding achievements. After all, behind every successful company are many great fascinating people. In a spacious modern setting full of opportunities for further development, ZEISS employees work in a place where expert knowledge and team spirit reign supreme. All of this is supported by a special ownership structure and the long-term goal of the Carl Zeiss Foundation: to bring science and society into the future together. Join us today. Inspire people tomorrow. Diversity is a part of ZEISS. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, philosophy of life, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity. Apply now! It takes less than 10 minutes.