Dematic is an intralogistics innovator that designs, builds, and supports intelligent, automated solutions for manufacturing, warehouse, and distribution environments, empowering customers to shape the future of commerce. With engineering centers, manufacturing facilities, and service centers located in more than 25 countries, Dematic's global network of 10,000 employees has successfully completed over 6,000 customer installations worldwide for some of the world's leading brands. Headquartered in Atlanta, Dematic is a member of KION Group, one of the global leaders in industrial trucks and supply chain solutions, and a leading provider of warehouse automation. We are seeking a talented Software Engineer to join our Customer Service Team and drive innovation in automated logistics systems. In this role, you will be involved in the entire software development lifecycle, from design and development to testing, debugging, documentation, training, and start-up/support activities for our automated logistics systems projects. You will focus on projects requiring configuration and code customizations to our DIQ/Reddwerks base software system, addressing bug fixes, interacting directly with customers, and providing effective solutions. As you progress, you will contribute to our knowledge base, train others, and support our broad customer base. You will be responsible for supporting specific Dematic applications such as Reddwerks and DIQ. We offer: What We Offer: Career Development Competitive Compensation and Benefits Pay Transparency Global Opportunities Learn More Here: https://www.dematic.com/en-us/about/careers/what-we-offer Dematic provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. The base pay range for this role is estimated to be $18-25/hour at the time of posting. Final compensation will be determined by various factors such as work location, education, experience, knowledge, and skills. Tasks and Qualifications: What You Will Do: Develop software products for large-scale warehouse automation projects, ensuring they meet customer specifications. Deliver software projects to customer sites and participate in on-site systems commissioning. Participate in design and code reviews to ensure quality and best practices. Provide assistance to the Software Service group for customer support. Leverage product expertise to support the sales process. Agree on time schedules with Team Leaders and consistently achieve specified targets. Adhere to Software Development Quality Processes and procedures. Actively contribute to the improvement of Software Development processes. Foster a Software Development environment that encourages technical excellence and teamwork. What We Are Looking For: Working to complete a Computer Science or a related field. Experience with software development and/or programming. Experience interacting directly with customers. Knowledge of industrial automation is a plus. Java experience. Full working proficiency in English. Positive, "can-do" attitude and a willingness to provide guidance and support to team members. Excellent communication, problem-solving, and time management skills. KION brands keep the world moving – globally, regionally, and locally. KION is the Supply Chain Solutions Company. With over 42,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we enable smart, sustainable, and reliable supply chains worldwide - wherever goods are stored, moved, or delivered. KION offers its customers the full spectrum of solutions to make their supply chains future-ready. Our international brands, Linde Material Handling, STILL, and Baoli and our regional brands, Fenwick and OM, stand for outstanding technological innovation, intelligent automation and service excellence in forklift trucks and warehouse equipment. Dematic complements this expertise with state-of-the-art automation technology and AI-supported software solutions that optimize intralogistics across warehousing, production, and distribution. Whether locally or globally – we offer exciting career opportunities in an innovative environment shaped by our core values: Integrity, Collaboration, Courage, and Excellence. Together, we create the magic of supply chain solutions. Join our team – Push it forward.