Job Title: Software Engineer Intern - Summer 2026 Job Category: Intern/Co-op Time Type: Part time Minimum Clearance Required to Start: None Employee Type: Part-Time On-Call Percentage of Travel Required: None Type of Travel: None * * * The Opportunity: On Team IBS, typical responsibilities include proactively designing the architecture for new components, while also suggesting ways to improve the application and overall UI/UX. Our team works closely together with on-site and remote engineers developing front-end applications and back-end microservices, all dedicated to creating the best products and user experience possible. Responsibilities: Day-to-day expectations include solving challenging, but rewarding technical problems, meeting program objectives within the agile development cycle, suggesting ways to improve UX/UI and the software baseline, and introducing new ways to meet mission needs. Be part of an agile team where communication skills and the ability to execute within the established development process are paramount to your and the team's success. Work on new technologies, striving to stay customer-focused and thriving on challenges to build new UI applications. Utilize industry proven design patterns and open-source tools. Contribute to a positive and upbeat team atmosphere. Qualifications: Required: Must currently be enrolled in a full-time Undergraduate, or Graduate Student. If Undergraduate or Graduate, pursing a degree in Computer Science or related field is preferred, not required. Entry Level experience and knowledge of Coding. Experience using REST-based web services. Familiarity with Agile software development methodologies. Familiarity with modern web technologies and techniques such as HTML5, CSS, or JavaScript build tools Familiarity with Java Spring Boot Strong organizational skills and attention to detail. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Experience with Linux environment and Linux shell scripting. Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future Desired: An eagerness to learn a modern infrastructure and be a part of a team supporting mission critical systems. Familiarity with real-time communication mechanisms Familiarity with Node Familiarity with Spring, Docker, and/or Kubernetes. Knowledge of microservices based architecture. Familiarity with Elasticsearch and SQL based databases Familiarity with emerging trends in desktop, web, and mobile app development. Experience with deployments, dev ops, and / or AWS Experience with Git. - What You Can Expect: A culture of integrity. At CACI, we place character and innovation at the center of everything we do. As a valued team member, you’ll be part of a high-performing group dedicated to our customer’s missions and driven by a higher purpose – to ensure the safety of our nation. An environment of trust. CACI values the unique contributions that every employee brings to our company and our customers - every day. You’ll have the autonomy to take the time you need through a unique flexible time off benefit and have access to robust learning resources to make your ambitions a reality. A focus on continuous growth. Together, we will advance our nation's most critical missions, build on our lengthy track record of business success, and find opportunities to break new ground — in your career and in our legacy. Pay Range: There are a host of factors that can influence final salary including, but not limited to, geographic location, Federal Government contract labor categories and contract wage rates, relevant prior work experience, specific skills and competencies, education, and certifications. Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives. We offer competitive compensation, benefits and learning and development opportunities. Our broad and competitive mix of benefits options is designed to support and protect employees and their families. At CACI, you will receive comprehensive benefits such as; healthcare, wellness, financial, retirement, family support, continuing education, and time off benefits. The proposed salary range for this position is: $45,900 - $91,900 CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Click on Search Jobs to find and apply to CACI openings.