Who We Are: At Avnet, relationships matter. We are a global, FORTUNE ® 500 technology distributor and solutions company that delivers design, supply chain and logistics expertise to customers at every stage of a product’s lifecycle. Our employees have a front row seat to the latest innovations shaping the world we live in and the future we share. We’re driven to help our customers around the world succeed and we do so by earning the trust of some of the biggest names in technology. Working at Avnet means being a part of a global team. We work collaboratively and with integrity, doing business the right way. For more than a century, we have partnered together to help our customers, suppliers and teammates realize the transformative possibilities of technology. Experience what’s next at Avnet! Job Description **Applicants for this position must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment/student visa at this time** Internship Details: Pay: $20.00/hr This will be a hybrid opportunity sitting at our Corporate HQ in Phoenix, AZ. This is a paid internship with a typical work schedule of 8am-5pm M-F Must be available for full-time seasonal work from May 18, 2026 – August 7, 2026 Selected candidate must provide their own housing and transportation About this Opportunity Avnet's internship initiative offers students an unparalleled work experience within a global organization. Interns at Avnet engage in valuable hands-on projects within a collaborative team setting. The program provides a platform to gain practical insights into the company's business activities and internal operations. Those chosen for the program undergo an intern learning journey, complementing work projects with opportunities to enhance soft skills, receive documented performance feedback, connect with executive leadership, and participate in networking and enjoyable team-building events. If you possess an interest in exceptional companies and seek to delve into the workings of a global FORTUNE? 500 company, our program is custom-tailored for you. What are we looking for in an intern? Those majoring in Computer Science or Software Engineering Cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher (visible on your resume) PC skills including: Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Demonstrated leadership experience through work and school related activities Interest or background in technology is highly preferred Excellent communication, collaboration ad team building skills as evidenced in your experience or course work Self-driven and independent, capable of working a project/assignment with clear direction while not requiring daily supervision Willingness to try new things Education and Certification(s): Currently enrolled in an accredited Undergraduate degree program Students that have completed coursework in their fields of study; typically, those students finishing their Junior year by May 2026 are highly preferred What We Offer: Our employees work hard to live our values and help us grow. Our total rewards strategy supports Avnet’s ability to attract, engage, develop, and reward our employees, while promoting a diverse and inclusive environment. We offer competitive compensation and benefit programs — from time away and flexible working arrangements to programs supporting employee well-being and opportunities to give back to your community. Generous Paid Time Off 401K and Pension Plan Paid Holidays Family Support (Paid Leave, Surrogacy, Adoption) Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance Long-term and Short-term Disability Insurance Health Savings Account / Flexible Spending Account Education Assistance Employee Development Resources Employee Wellness, Leadership Development and Mentorship Programs Benefits listed above may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Avnet. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills. Avnet is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing equal opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by law. This policy of non-discrimination also applies to religious dress and grooming practices. Avnet will accommodate employee religious dress standards and grooming practices that do not result in undue hardship for the Company. If you are interested in applying for employment with Avnet and need special assistance or an accommodation to apply for a posted position contact our Human Resources Service Center at (888) 994-7669. As a leading global technology distributor and solutions provider, Avnet has served customers’ evolving needs for more than a century. Through regional and specialized businesses around the world, we support customers and suppliers at every stage of the product lifecycle. We help companies adapt to change and accelerate the design and supply stages of product development. With a unique viewpoint from the center of the technology value chain, Avnet is a trusted partner that solves complex design and supply chain issues so customers can realize revenue faster. Avnet companies: Avnet Abacus Avnet Embedded Solutions Avnet Integrated Solutions Avnet Silica EBV Elektronik element14 Farnell Hackster.io Newark Softweb Solutions Tria Witekio