Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories (SEL) seeks a professional, innovative, and detail-oriented individual for a Software Engineering Internship with our R&amp;D Automation department in Pullman, WA. The ideal candidate for this position will be able to work part-time during the school year and full-time during the summer. If you are a current student looking for an opportunity to develop your electrical/power engineering skills, learn from industry leading engineers, and enhance your academic learning, then this may be the position for you! As an Software Engineering Intern, a typical day might include the following: Support SEL’s software development process Verify that software meets requirements. Implement software design. Provide support to engineering staff as needed. Follow engineering quality assurance procedures. Continuously identify, measure, and improve processes. Follow and apply SEL Values, Principles of Operations, and World Class Manufacturing Principles. Understand. Create. Simplify. Other duties as assigned. This job might be for you if: At least one year of technical coursework completed or equivalent programming experience Ability to execute and document defined testing procedures Strong writing, documentation, and speaking skills Ability to learn new skills and assume new responsibilities Ability to work cooperatively in a team environment Background check results satisfactory to SEL Negative drug test result(s) Preferred Qualifications Python, JavaScript, or another scripting language Practical knowledge of developing Microsoft Windows applications Knowledge of SQL and database concepts Git or another revision control and source code management system AI-assisted and/or open-source software development This position is 100% onsite in Pullman, WA. This position is located in Pullman, WA. Nestled in Eastern Washington, offering an exceptional quality of life. Embrace the charm of small-town living with spacious surroundings, no traffic hassles, and easy access to outdoor adventures in nearby mountains, rivers, and forests. Plus, benefit from excellent schools and universities in the area. Physical Requirements None Competitive pay. Superior benefits. Inspiring work. People are at the core of our company and we hire employee-owners. We welcome you to learn more about how we support our interns. School matters. SEL managers work with their interns to arrange flexible schedules that accommodate classes and studying while working part-time during the school year. We challenge and rely on our interns to contribute high-quality work that adds value to our company and gives you an advantage with real-world experiences when seeking jobs after graduation. We aim to bring great talent to SEL and although not guaranteed, interns are frequently hired for full-time roles upon graduation. Ask our team about other intern benefits including wellness resources, community connection, and kickstarting retirement savings. ($20.00 - $30.00 per hour) Our intern pay is determined based on the internship role (the work you would be doing) and your year in school (when you plan to graduate). Talk to your recruiter if you are curious about the rate for your year in school. Communication with Applicants We communicate with all applicants. If you do not receive a response about your application, please check your SPAM filter or reach out to us at careers@selinc.com. SEL is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Vets/Disabled. SEL invents, designs, and builds digital products and systems that protect power grids around the world. This technology prevents blackouts and enables customers to improve power system reliability and safety at a reduced cost. A 100 percent employee-owned company headquartered in Pullman, Washington, SEL has manufactured products in the United States since 1984 and now serves customers worldwide. Our mission is simple: to make electric power safer, more reliable, and more economical.