Business Unit LIGHTSPEED STUDIOS is made up of passionate players who advance the art &amp; science of game development through great stories, great gameplay, and advanced technology. We are focused on bringing next generation experiences to gamers who want to enjoy them anywhere, anytime, across multiple genres and devices. About the Hiring Team Lightspeed Tech Center is a R&amp;D department under Lightspeed Studios which develop PUBG Mobile and other high-quality games. Our Tech Center leads the research, exploration, and discovery of innovative technologies and provides technical services for all games during all phases of life cycle, including engine, audio, QA, AI, next generation game, technical cooperation, etc. What the Role Entails 1. Collaborate with scientists and engineers to research and develop advanced techniques across key areas of computer graphics and game technologies, including: a. 3D geometric learning b. Re-meshing and UV optimization c. Physically-based animation and simulation d. Machine learning for computer graphics e. Motion planning in virtual environments and cities f. Character locomotion and control g. Realistic image synthesis and real-time rendering 2. Design, prototype, and implement tools, workflows, and technical pipelines that enable the practical adoption of these technologies within game development environments. 3. Work closely with cross-functional teams (researchers, engineers, artists, and designers) to integrate research outputs into production-ready solutions for game development. Who We Look For Required Qualifications Strong programming skills in at least one of the following: C++, Python, or machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Solid foundation in mathematics, including calculus, linear algebra, and basic numerical analysis. Strong sense of ownership, with good communication and collaboration skills in a research or engineering environment. Preferred Qualifications Currently pursuing or a graduate of Master’s or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Computer Graphics, Machine Learning, Robotics, or a related field. Research experience or publications in areas such as computer graphics, computer vision, machine learning, or robotics. Familiarity with game engines, graphics APIs, and GPU programming (e.g., Unreal/Unity, OpenGL/Vulkan/DirectX, CUDA). Equal Employment Opportunity at Tencent As an equal opportunity employer, we firmly believe that diverse voices fuel our innovation and allow us to better serve our users and the community. We foster an environment where every employee of Tencent feels supported and inspired to achieve individual and common goals. Who we are Tencent is a world-leading internet and technology company that develops innovative products and services to improve the quality of life for people around the world. Equal Employment Opportunity at Tencent As an equal opportunity employer, we firmly believe that diverse voices fuel our innovation and allow us to better serve our users and the community. We foster an environment where every employee of Tencent feels supported and inspired to achieve individual and common goals.