At Cadence, we hire and develop leaders and innovators who want to make an impact on the world of technology. SVG Software Intern (Summer 2026) As an intern, you will join a dynamic team of software leaders and innovators who want to make an impact on the world of technology. Specifically you will be part of the SVG team whose charter is to develop Electronic Design Automation software or hardware for high performance functional Verification of integrated circuits. We develop state of the art tools for simulation (Xcelium), acceleration (Palladium), fpga prototyping (Protium) or embedded software bring up (Helium). We have a wide variety of software projects to which you could contribute. They range from writing data mining and analysis tools, machine learning applications, writing C++ or exploring open source software. You will develop essential software engineering skills for your future professional career such as defining requirements, project planning, coding, debugging, testing and documenting. Your internship experience will also include immersive training of Cadence core business products as well as fun event activities with other interns. You will be working with a designated mentor and will present at the end of the summer the result of your work. Requirements: Currently pursuing BS or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent Skills: Basic knowledge of software programming in C++/C Python programming Data structures and algorithms Good communication Demonstrate understanding and knowledge of hardware domain. We’re doing work that matters. Help us solve what others can’t. Cadence plays a critical role in creating the technologies that modern life depends on. We are a global electronic design automation company, providing software, hardware, and intellectual property to design advanced semiconductor chips that enable our customers create revolutionary products and experiences. Thanks to the outstanding caliber of the Cadence team and the empowering culture that we have cultivated for over 25 years, Cadence continues to be recognized by Fortune Magazine as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our shared passion for solving the world’s toughest technical challenges, our dedication to pushing the limits of the industry, and our drive to do meaningful work differentiates the people of Cadence. Cadence is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, basis of disability, or any other protected class.