At Jabil (NYSE: JBL), we are proud to be a trusted partner for the world's top brands, offering comprehensive engineering, supply chain, and manufacturing solutions. With 60 years of experience across industries and a vast network of over 100 sites worldwide, Jabil combines global reach with local expertise to deliver both scalable and customized solutions. Our commitment extends beyond business success as we strive to build sustainable processes that minimize environmental impact and foster vibrant and diverse communities around the globe. SUMMARY OF PROGRAM Jabil’s Summer Internship Program was recognized as one of the Top 100 Internship Programs in the country for 2025 by WayUp. This is the result of a holistic and engaging experience that summer interns at Jabil experience. As a result, interns that are a part of this program for summer 2026 will get to engage with members of Jabil’s leadership team and participate in events related to professional development, networking &amp; socializing, and community engagement. In addition, interns will have the opportunity to work with each other in committees, be assigned a mentor, tour some of Jabil’s facilities and much more! If this sounds like a program you want to be a part of and you want to work for a company that strives to make EVERYTHING BETTER and ANYTHING POSSIBLE, then apply today. SUMMARY OF POSITION Jabil is seeking a Quality Assurance (QA) Intern to support testing our cloud-based web applications. In this role, you’ll work closely with engineers and product teams to ensure our applications are reliable, usable, and meet quality standards. This is a hands-on opportunity to gain experience in manual testing, issue tracking, and test automation within a real production environment. DUTIES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES Perform manual testing of web applications across new features, bug fixes, and releases Create, execute, and maintain test cases and test plans Log, track, and verify defects using Jira Collaborate with developers and QA engineers to reproduce issues and validate fixes Assist with test automation efforts (writing or maintaining automated tests) as time allows Participate in sprint reviews, standups, and QA discussions as appropriate QUALIFICATIONS Currently a Rising Junior or Senior pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field GPA Min: 3.0 Must be available to work full-time, on-site in Lexington, Kentucky from May 18, 2026 - August 7, 2026 Strong attention to detail and a methodical approach to testing Familiarity with web applications and basic software development concepts Comfortable learning and using tools like Jira and browser developer tools Basic scripting or programming experience (JavaScript, Python, or similar) is a plus Effective Communication Self-starter – Ability to drive work Leadership Skills: Agility, Building Trusting Relationships, Decision Making Skills, &amp; Resilience WHAT YOU'LL GAIN Real-world experience testing production cloud applications Exposure to Agile development workflows and modern QA practices Hands-on experience with issue tracking and test automation BE AWARE OF FRAUD: When applying for a job at Jabil you will be contacted via correspondence through our official job portal with a jabil.com e-mail address; direct phone call from a member of the Jabil team; or direct e-mail with a jabil.com e-mail address. Jabil does not request payments for interviews or at any other point during the hiring process. Jabil will not ask for your personal identifying information such as a social security number, birth certificate, financial institution, driver’s license number or passport information over the phone or via e-mail. If you believe you are a victim of identity theft, contact the Federal Bureau of Investigations internet crime hotline (www.ic3.gov), the Federal Trade Commission identity theft hotline (www.identitytheft.gov) and/or your local police department. Any scam job listings should be reported to whatever website it was posted in. Jabil, including its subsidiaries, is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Accessibility Accommodation If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access Jabil.com/Careers site as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an e-mail to Always_Accessible@Jabil.com or calling 727-803-7988 with the nature of your request and contact information. Please do not direct any other general employment related questions to this e-mail or phone number. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to. #whereyoubelong #AWorldofPossibilities #EarlyCareer