With a company culture rooted in collaboration, expertise and innovation, we aim to promote progress and inspire our clients, employees, investors and communities to achieve their greatest potential. Our work is the catalyst that helps others achieve their goals. In short, We Enable Possibility℠. About This Internship Arch’s internship program offers students a unique opportunity to gain hands on experience in the insurance industry. It provides challenging learning experiences that serve as a foundation for interns to explore their career choices and to develop professional skills. Working alongside some of the most talented members of the specialty insurance industry, interns will gain relevant expertise in various aspects of the field, participate in learning activities and receive ongoing feedback. About This Role Partner with IT and business stakeholders to understand application and system requirements across underwriting and reinsurance workflows. Translate business needs into technical solutions using Java, Spring Boot, and Angular. Design, build, and enhance tools, services, and web applications used across our Reinsurance IT landscape. Develop and integrate APIs and microservices (RESTful services) and collaborate on end-to-end feature delivery from UI to backend. Explore, prototype, and integrate AI capabilities into underwriting and operational applications, including: GenAI-based assistants (e.g., summarization, Q&amp;A over documents, workflow guidance) Agentic AI approaches (e.g., using agents that can orchestrate tasks across systems with guardrails) Brainstorm and validate AI/GenAI use cases that improve user experience, automate repetitive steps, and increase decisioning efficiency while maintaining compliance. Collaborate in Agile delivery using tools like JIRA and GitHub, participating in standups, sprint planning, and retrospectives. Document and present your work clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences (design notes, demos, readme’s, etc.). Take initiative—work independently, think critically, and communicate blockers/risks early. Qualifications Actively completing area of study in Computer Science or relevant program. Minimum 3.0 GPA or higher. College level - current Junior, Senior, or graduate student, with graduation dates ranging from December 2026 – May 2027. Curiosity, creativity, and a willingness to experiment with new technologies (including AI/GenAI). Strong analytical thinking and problem-solving skills. Self-starter mindset with the ability to work independently and collaboratively. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Core Engineering Programming proficiency in Java with hands-on experience building services using Spring Boot. Front-end development experience with Angular (components, services, routing, state management). Understanding of REST APIs, microservices concepts, and integration patterns. Experience with databases (SQL preferred) and basic data modeling concepts. AI / GenAI / Agentic AI Exposure to AI/ML concepts and modern GenAI patterns (through coursework, internships, hackathons, or personal projects). Familiarity with one or more of the following: Prompt engineering and evaluation basics (quality, safety, reliability) RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) for Q&amp;A over enterprise documents Embedding/vector search concepts (indexing, similarity search) Interest or experience in Agentic AI (e.g., tool-using agents, function calling, workflow orchestration, guardrails, human-in-the-loop), including designing agent behaviors that are auditable, safe, and compliant. Platform &amp; Delivery Familiarity with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, or GCP) is a plus. Exposure to Agile methodologies and tools like JIRA. Experience with version control (Git/GitHub) and basic CI/CD concepts is a plus. Location &amp; Work Arrangement The program dates are June 1, 2026 - August 7, 2026. This position is classified as a hybrid position. You will work 2 days onsite and 3 days from home. This position is located in New York City, NY. Relocation and housing assistance is not provided for this role. Timeline Arch internship positions will be posted from March 2026 and will be unposted when filled. Pay For individuals assigned to or hired to work in Jersey City, NJ, the hourly rate is $28-30 and in Raleigh, NC, the hourly rate is $26-28 as of the time of posting. The breadth in the range exists to accommodate students in specialized programs such as actuarial candidates and graduate students. Any actual rate offered will take into account a number of factors including but not limited to geographic location, scope &amp; responsibilities of the role, along with the education &amp; qualifications of the candidate. The above range may be modified in the future. Intern position is eligible for select Arch benefits. #LI-KK1 Do you like solving complex business problems, working with talented colleagues and have an innovative mindset? Arch may be a great fit for you. If this job isn’t the right fit but you’re interested in working for Arch, create a job alert! Simply create an account and opt in to receive emails when we have job openings that meet your criteria. Join our talent community to share your preferences directly with Arch’s Talent Acquisition team. 14400 Arch Insurance Group Inc. Arch Capital Group Ltd. is a Bermuda-based specialty insurer that provides insurance, reinsurance and mortgage insurance on a worldwide basis. With a 20+-year track record of delivering results and a coveted position on the S&amp;P 500 index, Arch is a great place to grow your career. Attention Job Seekers: Arch Capital Group Ltd. (Arch) and its affiliates take your interest in working here very seriously. Please be vigilant to fraudulent activity if you receive a communication or email asking you to submit any personal information. Do not send money or pass any details to someone suggesting they can provide employment with Arch. You should only enter your information into our official career portal. Please know the following about our interviewing and hiring practices. We never make job offers without a formal, in person, interview process. We never ask you to send money of any kind.