LogicGate® is the leading AI GRC platform for the Enterprise, helping governance, risk, and compliance teams limit surprises, strengthen resilience, augment program performance, and confidently quantify impact and business value. Built to provide a centralized view of risk and compliance, with AI intelligence woven into the platform's core, LogicGate delivers real-time insights and actionable data to help drive current business decisions, with the flexibility to scale alongside evolving business needs. Recognized as a Leader in the GRC Market, LogicGate continues to further solidify its position as a best-in-class platform.
At LogicGate, our people are the foundation of everything we do. We are committed to delivering an exceptional experience for our employees and our customers by empowering and enabling our people to take ownership, make an impact, and deliver their best work.The Role
(Based in Chicago)
LogicGate’s Internship Program is designed and tailored for college students (or very recent graduates) from various disciplines to gain real world work experience in a fast-paced, high growth, open and diverse environment. This program will give you exposure to leading edge technology, provide valuable work experience, career coaching, and mentorship.
How you’ll spend your time:
Gaining a wide breadth of knowledge in the entire LogicGate tech stack
Learning & utilizing AI tools, such as Claude Code, to accelerate the development process
Working closely with experienced software engineers to establish solid software engineering fundamentals
Writing tests to facilitate an efficient development cycle and a reliable application
Collaborating with a small team to implement new ideas
Working cross-functionally with LogicGate’s entire organization
What We're Looking For
Required
Currently working towards a Bachelor's or Master's degree with a planned graduation of Spring or Summer 2026 and have completed 2+ years of relevant coursework, OR recently completed a software engineering bootcamp program
Experience using a modern programming language such as Java, C#, C++, Python, Ruby, or JavaScript
You have strong quantitative, analytical, and problem-solving skills
You have an entrepreneurial attitude with a keen eye for detail
You’re organized and can manage multiple priorities simultaneously
Ability to work hybrid out of our Chicago HQ 2-4 days per week
What we use:
Work: Jira - Slack - GitLab - G Suite - Claude Code
Back: Spring Boot - Java - Kotlin - Neo4j
Front: TypeScript - Angular - SCSS - HTML
Ops: AWS - Kubernetes - Ansible - Terraform - Docker
Program Details:
12-week internship starting on June 1, 2026 through August 28, 2026
Note: the exact end date is flexible and will be discussed during the interview process
We offer competitive, market-anchored pay for our interns. The anticipated hourly rate for this role is $40/hr.
Interns are expected to work from our office located in downtown Chicago (River North), 2-4 days per week
Gain meaningful work experience in the field of study and participate in special projects.
Take part in Internship Program activities, including social events, development workshops, networking with company leaders, and more!
Assigned to a mentor to guide you throughout your internship and beyond!
Program Eligibility:
You are enrolled full time in an accredited college or university as a Junior or Senior or have recently graduated within the past 6 months with your Undergraduate Degree.
Are available to work 40 hours per week during the summer.
This position is not eligible for sponsorship.
Our Culture
At LogicGate, our culture and employee experience are grounded in our core values of Be as One, Do the Right Thing, Embrace Curiosity, Own It, Empower Customers, and Raise the Bar, which guide how we show up - for each other, our customers, and all we interact with.
We believe that the strongest teams are made up of individuals who bring their different identities, experiences, and perspectives to the table. We are committed to fostering an inclusive work environment where all employees’ differences are celebrated and everyone is encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work.
We encourage everyone to join one of our Employee Resource Groups (AAPI @ LogicGate, Pride at LogicGate, and Women in LogicGate) to participate in and contribute to conversations that foster an inclusive culture.
LogicGate also believes strongly in giving back to the communities in which we live and work. To enable our teams to give back, we offer paid volunteer hours and company-wide charitable activities supporting a variety of organizations and causes.
We are proud to have been recognized as a top workplace by Built In, Crain’s Chicago Business, the Chicago Tribune, and more. Visit our website to learn about our latest recognition.
Learn more about our culture here.
Excited about LogicGate but not familiar with GRC?
GRC stands for Governance, Risk, and Compliance
GRC professionals help their companies manage uncertainty, act with integrity, and stay on the right side of the law.
The GRC market is rapidly expanding with continuous growth opportunities. The current market size was valued at $50.5 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach $104.5 billion by 2031.