Lightspeed Systems is launching our Summer 2026 Internship Program and seeking motivated students eager to gain hands-on experience in a mission-driven education technology company.
This is a project-based internship designed to provide real ownership, real impact, and real learning. Interns will contribute to meaningful, AI-forward initiatives that support educators, students, and school districts across the country. You’ll gain exposure to how a growing EdTech organization operates while building practical, career-ready skills.
This is not a shadow-only experience. Interns will own defined projects and present their work to leadership at the conclusion of the program.
As a Summer Intern, you may be embedded within a designated department (Product, Engineering, Marketing, Sales, Operations, or other business functions) or aligned to project-based works that could span multiple teams, depending on business needs. In either capacity, you’ll contribute to high-impact initiatives aligned to company priorities, collaborate cross-functionally, and gain insight into how teams execute strategy, drive results, and support K–12 customers.
ABOUT THE ROLE
Support active, AI-forward projects. Contribute to initiatives that drive measurable business and mission impact.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams in a geographically diverse work environment.
Take ownership of defined projects from scoping through execution.
Deliver a final presentation summarizing your work, outcomes, and key learnings.
Participate in internship programming, networking sessions, and company events.
ABOUT YOU
Current high school, undergraduate, or graduate student
Possess interest in technology, and innovation
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Problem-solving mindset with the ability to think critically
Self-starter attitude with a willingness to take ownership
Ability to work onsite in South Austin Tuesday–Thursday
Prior project, research, leadership, or work experience (school, extracurricular, or professional) preferred
Exposure to AI tools, SaaS platforms, or technology-based environments.
Program Expectations
Role based in South Austin (onsite presence required Tuesday–Thursday).
Expected duration of 10-12 weeks
Up to 30 hours per week during the program.
Active participation in internship programming and team events.
Completion of a final presentation at the end of the internship.
At Lightspeed Systems, you’ll work alongside a team dedicated to creating safer and more effective digital learning environments for students worldwide. Join us this summer and gain meaningful experience while making a real impact in K–12 education. Learn more at www.lightspeedsystems.com.ABOUT US
With more than 25 years of serving education, Lightspeed Systems delivers the most in-depth visibility and control to power exceptional schools where students are safe and engaged; technology is compliant and easily managed; and resources are secure and optimized. Purpose-built for school networks and devices, Lightspeed’s cloud-managed solutions include the most effective web filtering, student safety monitoring, classroom management, device management, and data analytics software available. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, with a European office in London, UK, Lightspeed serves over 23 million students across 31,000 schools in 43 countries, utilizing 15 million devices. Learn more at www.lightspeedsystems.com.
We love our employees, and we show it. Our benefits and perks are built to support your overall wellbeing—at work and beyond. Offerings vary by country.
ABOUT OUR ATX HQ
If your role includes spending time onsite, you will LOVE being at the ranch. Our uniquely Lightspeed (and totally Texas) corporate headquarters has everything Lightspeeders need to get the job done – and a whole lot more.
15,000 sq. ft. of open work area, offices, and huddle rooms
Snacks galore and a private chef serving up lunch Tuesday through Thursday every week
A state-of-the-art fitness center (with outfitted locker rooms)
Physical therapist onsite regularly
Indoor and outdoor casual collaboration spots
Pet-friendly office environment
A golf simulator, go-carts, shuffleboard, corn hole, and MORE fun
All within 31 sprawling acres of Live Oak trees that foster a natural habitat for local wildlife. It is not uncommon to be greeted daily by whitetail deer. (Maybe it wants to join your meeting?)
Lightspeed Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to a work environment that supports, inspires, and respects all individuals and in which personnel processes are merit-based and applied without discrimination on the basis of race, color religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, disability, national or ethnic origin, military service status, or other protected characteristic.