About Neo4j:
Neo4j is the graph intelligence platform that transforms data into knowledge to power the next generation of intelligent applications and AI systems. It includes enterprise-ready knowledge graphs for accurate, explainable, and governed AI; the most comprehensive, trusted, and easy-to-deploy graph capabilities across any environment and data source; and an unmatched ecosystem trusted by 84 of the Fortune 100 and supported by the world’s largest graph community. Intelligence that works. Results that matter.
Built to work everywhere and integrate with everything across every cloud for dynamic, personalized, and autonomous AI systems. We deliver quicker results, contextual knowledge, and solutions that impact customers and employees across the business.
Our Vision:
At Neo4j, we have always strived to help the world make sense of data.
As business, society and knowledge become increasingly connected, our technology promotes innovation by helping organizations to find and understand data relationships. We created, drive and lead the graph database category, and we’re disrupting how organizations leverage their data to innovate and stay competitive.
The Role:
You will design and implement a Dynamic Application Security Testing test bench for internal APIs and MCP solutions.
The goal is to create a reusable environment where Neo4j security engineers can test services developed by our engineering teams using open source DAST tools. The environment should support repeatable testing and clear evaluation of findings. Over time, it may also serve as a self-service setup for engineering teams.
You will work closely with the Application Security team and collaborate with platform and engineering teams to understand how Aura APIs and MCP servers are built and exposed.
What you will do
Analyze Aura APIs and relevant MCP services
Research and evaluate open source DAST tools
Design and build a reusable DAST testing environment
Run structured experiments against selected APIs
Compare findings across tools and assess signal quality
Document setup, results, and recommendations
What you will deliver
A documented evaluation of DAST tools applied to Aura APIs
A clear comparison of findings, strengths, and limitations
A recommended short list of tools with rationale
A working environment that supports repeated API testing
Documentation that allows others to reuse and extend your setup
What you bring
Strong interest in application security
Solid coding skills, preferably in Python
Good understanding of REST APIs and how they are designed and consumed
Understanding of the role MCP servers play in modern software development
Experience setting up and using open source tools
Hands-on approach, you enjoy building, testing, and running experiments
Curiosity, structured thinking, and the ability to document technical findings clearly
You are currently studying computer science or a related field and want to work on real security challenges in a production environment.
What you will gain
Practical experience in application security testing
Exposure to a modern cloud platform and real-world APIs
Collaboration with security and engineering teams across the company
Insight into how secure software is built and tested at scale
If you want to work on a concrete project with measurable outcomes and lasting impact, we would like to hear from you.Why Join Neo4j?
Neo4j is, without question, the most popular graph intelligence platform in the world. We have customers in every industry globally, and our products are a proven product/market fit. Joining our team is an opportunity to shape the future of data and analytics. Below are just a few exciting facts about Neo4j.
Neo4j is one of the fastest-scaling technology companies in this industry. It recently surpassed $200M in annual recurring revenue (ARR), doubling its ARR over the past three years.
Raised the biggest funding round in database history ($325M Series F). Backed by world-class investors like Eurazeo, GV (formerly Google Ventures), and Inovia Capital, Neo4j has raised over $600M in funding and is currently valued at over $2Bn. This puts Neo4j among the most well-funded database companies in history.
84% of the Fortune 100 and 58% of the Fortune 500 use Neo4j. Examples include Boston Scientific, BT Group, Caterpillar, Cisco, Comcast, Department for Education UK, eBay, NBC News, Novo Nordisk, Worldline, and others.
Co-founder and CEO Emil Eifrem has built an amazing culture that prides itself on relationships, inclusiveness, innovation, and customer success.
Countless industry awards. Massive enterprises and individual developers/data scientists love Neo4j. A strong sense of community and ecosystem is built around the platform.
A recent Forrester Total Economic Impact™ Study cited Neo4j as delivering 417% ROI to customers.
Research shows that members of underrepresented communities are less likely to apply for jobs when they don’t meet all the qualifications. If this is part of the reason you hesitate to apply, we’d encourage you to reconsider and give us the opportunity to review your application. At Neo4j, we are committed to building awareness and helping to improve these issues.
One of our central objectives is to provide an inclusive, diverse, and equitable workplace for everyone to develop their potential and have a positive, career-defining experience. We look forward to receiving your application.
Neo4j Values:
Neo4j is a Silicon Valley company with a Swedish soul. We foster collaboration and each of us is empowered to contribute and put our innovative stamp on projects. We hire candidates who reflect the following Neo4j core values:
(we)-[:VALUE]->(relationships)(we)-[:FOCUS_ON]->(userSuccess)(we)-[:THRIVE_IN]->(:Culture {type: [‘Open’, ‘Inclusive’]})(we)-[:ASSUME]->(:Intent {direction:’Positive’})(we)-[:WELCOME]->(:Discussions {nature: ‘IntellectuallyHonest’})(we)-[:DELIVER_ON]->(ourCommitments)
Neo4j is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the privacy notice regarding Neo4j's recruitment process to understand how we will handle the personal data that you provide.
More information at www.neo4j.com.
©2026 Neo4j, Inc., Neo Technology®, Neo4j®, Cypher®, Neo4j Bloom™, Neo4j Graph Data Science Library™, Neo4j® Aura™, and Neo4j® AuraDB™ are registered trademarks or a trademark of Neo4j, Inc. All other marks are owned by their respective companies.