Join Notability and shape the future of learning. We’re building the next generation of tools designed not just to capture notes, but to fundamentally improve how people learn, think, and collaborate. Our app brings the natural expressiveness of paper into the digital age, empowering millions of students, educators, and professionals worldwide to organize their ideas, deepen their understanding, and achieve their goals. Our mission is simple: we help you learn.
As part of our team, you’ll help create experiences driven by empathy, exceptional design, and the belief that great ideas can come from anywhere—including you. Come help us make learning better for everyone.We are looking for candidates with development experience ready to help build and launch Notability for Android, a new app aimed at replicating one of the top productivity apps in the App Store for iPad in the Google play ecosystem.Responsibilities
Build new features for the Notability Android app
Work with product and design to squash bugs before the open Beta
Collaborate with a team of experienced engineers
Contribute ideas and enthusiasm to make Notability even better
Qualifications
Currently enrolled as a student studying towards an undergraduate degree in Computer Science
Minimum 3.2 GPA
Experience in Kotlin programming
Interest in developing for the Android framework
Strong understanding of programming fundamentals and object oriented design
Desire to build and release production-ready code
Eagerness to learn new things
Focus on user experience and fulfilling customer needs
Bonus Points
Experience using Notability or other note-taking apps
Created your own Android app or past Android development experience
Experience working with any Intellij IDE
This role follows a hybrid model, with a minimum of two days onsite at our downtown San Francisco office and flexibility to work remotely from home the rest of the week.
How We Work
Each member of our team contributes to all parts of our products. We trust each other to make decisions independently while also considering our common goals and values. We share ideas openly, and we collaborate across disciplines to ensure that our decisions make sense from all perspectives.
When We Work
We actively promote work-life balance. Our schedules are flexible, our hybrid policy supports remote work when it makes sense, and we have a “as long as you get your work done” approach to time off.
Why You'd Love Working Here
We work in downtown SF near Market Street, just a short walk from two BART/Muni stations. Our office has height-adjustable desks to help us stay limber, spacious conference rooms for both small and large team meetings, and a well-stocked kitchen full of goodies to enjoy :). Our team is growing, collaborative and down to earth. We want everyone to do their best work and find passion in what they do.
Benefits
Competitive compensation that includes base salary, bonuses and profit sharing
Equity Awards in the form of Stock Options
Comprehensive healthcare fully covered for you and your family including medical, dental, and vision
Flexible work and vacation schedules
401k with matching contributions
Matching gifts to nonprofits
Lunch Stipend (When Working from HQ)
Public transit stipend
Home workstation reimbursement
ISP stipend
Monthly phone bill stipend
Notability is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusivity in the workplace. All aspects of employment are decided on the basis of merit, qualifications, and business needs. We do not discriminate based upon race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.