Welcome to Planet. We believe in using space to help life on Earth.
Planet designs, builds, and operates the largest constellation of imaging satellites in history. This constellation delivers an unprecedented dataset of empirical information via a revolutionary cloud-based platform to authoritative figures in commercial, environmental, and humanitarian sectors. We are both a space company and data company all rolled into one.
Customers and users across the globe use Planet's data to develop new technologies, drive revenue, power research, and solve our world’s toughest obstacles.
As we control every component of hardware design, manufacturing, data processing, and software engineering, our office is a truly inspiring mix of experts from a variety of domains.
We have a people-centric approach toward culture and community and we strive to iterate in a way that puts our team members first and prepares our company for growth. Join Planet and be a part of our mission to change the way people see the world.
Planet is a global company with employees working remotely world wide and joining us from offices in San Francisco, Washington DC, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, and The Netherlands.Internships at Planet:
Planet’s Summer 2026 internships are full-time, paid 12-week positions located in our San Francisco HQ Office.
Program Dates:
June 1 - August 21
June 22 - September 11
About the Role:
The Manufacturing Software Infrastructure Team builds the tools and systems that enable our team to scale. We tackle projects large and small, from building our own in-house Manufacturing Execution System (MES) to automating deployments to our hardware testing stations. Our systems track manufacturing processes and data, spacecraft test results, telemetry, and much more. We collect tons of data and metrics, and use this to feed back into the teams for continual process improvement. As a member of the software infrastructure team, you will be responsible for building and deploying features used by spacecraft engineers and technicians, collaborating with other teams to build or use API integrations, troubleshoot complex problems, and fearlessly experiment with new methods and technologies.
For this role, we are specifically looking for an individual with considerable experience in integrating artificial intelligence models into existing tools and systems. This individual will be experimenting with a relatively new technology and blazing the trail for its integration into our production systems. To be successful in this role, the candidate should be self-directed; eager to conduct research and bring new knowledge to the team; be unafraid to experiment, iterate, and backtrack; and be able to apply their existing knowledge and experience to a new domain.
This is a full-time, in-office position based in our San Francisco office 5 days per week.
Impact You'll Own:
Research and develop AI tools to solve manufacturing systems problems
Develop and document new APIs and database schemas
Collaborate with team members
Interview users to gather feedback and requirements, then develop and present mockups for review
Implement new features on the frontend and backend, then demo these features for the team
Develop prototypes and proof of concepts
Conduct code reviews
What You Bring:
Currently enrolled in a graduate program in the field of artificial intelligence, Machine Learning and LLMs, or a related field
Experience using ML methods to classify data
Experience with MCP, skills, and other methods to enable tool use by LLMs
Experience integrating with or building REST APIs
Web development experience
Experience with relational databases
What Makes You Stand Out:
Have developed integrated applications using AI/ML technology
Application Deadline:
April 5, 2026 at 11:59p PT
EAR/ITAR Requirements:
This position requires access to export-controlled information, and as such, employment (or hiring of a contractor) is contingent upon the candidate’s ability to access all applicable export-controlled information without additional export licensing being required by the Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls.
Benefits While Working at Planet:
These offerings are dependent on employment type and geographical location, based upon applicable law or company policy.
Commuter Benefits
Paid time off for holidays and company-wide days off
Internet reimbursement
Access to LinkedIn Learning
Compensation:
The US hourly rate range for this position at the commencement of employment is $35 - $60. The final salary range is determined by job related experience, skills and location. The range displays our typical hiring range for new hire salaries in US locations only. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.San Francisco Salary Range$37 - $60 USDSan Francisco Fair Chance OrdinancePursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Why we care so much about Belonging. We’re dedicated to helping the whole Planet, and to do that we must strive to represent all of it within each of our offices and on all of our teams. That’s why Planet is guided by an ultimate north star of Belonging—dreaming big as we approach our ongoing work. If this job intrigues you, but you’re thinking you might not have all the qualifications, please... do apply! At Planet, we are looking for well-rounded people from around the world who can contribute to more ways than just what is listed in this job description. We don’t just fill positions, we aspire to fulfill people’s careers, most excited about folks who are motivated by our underlying humanitarian efforts. We are a few orbits around the sun before we get to where we want to be, so we hope you’re excited to come along for the ride.
EEO statement: Planet is committed to building a community where everyone belongs and we invite people from all backgrounds to apply. Planet is an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Know Your Rights.
Accommodations: Planet is an inclusive community and we know that everyone has their own needs. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation during the hiring process, please reach out to accommodations@planet.com or contact your recruiter with your request. Your message will be confidential and we will be happy to assist you.
Privacy Policy: By clicking "Apply Now" at the top of this job posting, I acknowledge that I have read the Planet Data Privacy Notice for California Staff Members and Applicants, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.
Privacy Policy (European Applicants): By clicking "Apply Now" at the top of this job posting, I acknowledge that I have read the Candidate Privacy Notice GDPR Planet Labs Europe, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.
AI in Our Interviewing Process: Planet is committed to providing an exceptional interview experience for all candidates. We are currently exploring AI interviewing technologies to better focus on candidates and less on trying to capture notes. As such, with the candidate's consent, select interviews may be recorded and include a Planet AI Notetaker for transcription and summarization purposes. Should an interview involve use of AI interview technologies, the candidate will receive notification and have the ability to opt out both in advance and/or real-time. Opting out will not affect one's candidacy.
Candidate AI Policy: Planet embraces Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools, and we encourage its responsible use. We understand that candidates may use various resources, including AI tools, to prepare for interviews and assessments. However, during any live interview stage or when actively completing assessments for this position, the use of AI tools—e.g. Large Language Models (LLMs), deep fake technology, etc.—is strictly prohibited unless explicitly prompted by an interviewer or assessment instructions. If you are unsure about acceptable use, please contact your recruiter for clarification. If an AI tool or similar technology is desired as an accommodation, please contact accommodations@planet.com with your request for assistance. Your message will be confidential, and we will be happy to assist you. Violation of this policy may result in disqualification of your application.