About Neuralink:
We are creating devices that enable a bi-directional interface with the brain. These devices allow us to restore movement to the paralyzed, restore sight to the blind, and revolutionize how humans interact with their digital world.Team Description:
The internal apps team works closely with other teams — neuroscientists, physicists, chip designers, pathologists, and mechanical engineers — to build Neuralink's centralized data aggregation and analysis platform. This data platform collects, organizes, and visualizes a diverse set of data ranging from neural signal recordings and brain histology images to experimental and operational data. Our team owns projects that drive engineering and experimentation at Neuralink.
We operate like an internal startup — rapidly prototyping and building software that solves problems for the company. This usually takes the form of full-stack tools, but can be any tech stack.
We operate as a tight, high-trust team. You'll have direct ownership and the autonomy to solve hard problems, but also high expectations.
We're moving fast to meet clinical demand and keep up with deployments. 60-hour weeks are not uncommon, and there are stretches where the pace is high. This isn't for everyone.
Job Description and Responsibilities:
This is a high-autonomy, high-ownership internship. You will work directly alongside engineers and scientists to build software that has immediate, tangible impact on Neuralink's mission. Some days you're heads-down writing code all day. Other days you're pairing with engineers across the company to understand a new workflow and figure out how to build the right tool for it.
We are looking for versatile software engineers who are interested in architecting and implementing elegant software solutions and thrive with the autonomy to propose creative approaches to problems.
As an intern, you will work on applications to make Neuralink 100x faster, such as:
Data platforms to collect, organize, and visualize a diverse set of data ranging from neural signal recordings, device telemetries, surgery recordings, to experimental data
Lab Systems software, our digital collaboration hub for all teams within the company
ERP software that orchestrates and tracks everything involved in designing brain-computer interfaces
DevOps and infrastructure to increase developer productivity
Neuralink strives to be, as much as possible, a meritocratic environment: we require honest and transparent communication to ensure the best ideas win out. Additionally, we believe the best solutions emerge and the best teams form when you assemble high-performing individuals with different skill sets and perspectives, and allow them to engage in rigorous and thoughtful inquiry. We want to work with exceptional people, and, to the extent that you excel, we want you to take on more responsibility and help all of us succeed. If this speaks to you, come join us!
Required Qualifications:
Demonstrated experience shipping a product that has been actively used, regardless of tech stack or domain
Full-stack engineering capability (Ruby on Rails and React/TypeScript preferred, though adaptability matters more)
Ability to design and implement simple and elegant software solutions
Strong communication and collaborative problem-solving abilities
Ownership mentality and comfort with ambiguity
Understanding of how software works at a fundamental level
Expected Compensation:
The anticipated hourly rate for this position is listed below.
California Hourly Flat Rate:$35/Hr USD
What We Offer:
Full-time employees are eligible for the following benefits listed below.
An opportunity to change the world and work with some of the smartest and most talented experts from different fields
Growth potential; we rapidly advance team members who have an outsized impact
Excellent medical, dental, and vision insurance through a PPO plan
Paid holidays
Commuter benefits
Meals provided
Equity (RSUs) *Temporary Employees & Interns excluded
401(k) plan *Interns initially excluded until they work 1,000 hours
Parental leave *Temporary Employees & Interns excluded
Flexible time off *Temporary Employees & Interns excluded