Cambridge Mobile Telematics (CMT) is the world’s largest telematics service provider. Its mission is to make the world’s roads and drivers safer. The company’s AI-driven platform, DriveWell® Fusion, gathers sensor data from millions of IoT devices — including smartphones, proprietary Tags, connected vehicles, dashcams, and third-party devices — and fuses them with contextual data to create a unified view of vehicle and driver behavior. Auto insurers, automakers, commercial mobility companies, and the public sector use insights from CMT’s platform to power risk assessment, safety, claims, and driver improvement programs. Headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with offices in Budapest, Chennai, Seattle, Tokyo, and Zagreb, CMT measures and protects tens of millions of drivers across the world every day.
Join the Platform Applications team at CMT and play a key role in ensuring seamless end-to-end integration of our Fusion Platform. As a Software Engineering Intern, you’ll have the opportunity to work on innovative projects that enhance the reliability and efficiency of critical platform services, empower internal teams, and deliver exceptional experiences to external clients. You’ll support cross-platform initiatives that make the Fusion Platform more flexible, scalable, and developer-friendly. If you’re passionate about solving complex challenges and building systems that drive innovation and reliability, this internship offers an exciting opportunity to make a meaningful impact.
CMT is looking for a collaborative, customer-committed, and creative Software Engineering Intern who wants to join us in making roads safer by making drivers better!
Responsibilities:
Write and maintain high-quality, efficient, and well-documented code to support team projects and initiatives
Investigate and troubleshoot issues across different systems and platforms, identifying root causes and proposing solutions
Participate actively in team meetings, including daily scrums, sprint planning, and retrospective sessions
Provide timely updates on progress, blockers, and completed tasks to ensure smooth collaboration and alignment with team goals
Test code thoroughly in test environments to validate functionality, performance, and reliability
Monitor shared test environments and production systems to ensure stability and identify issues promptly when making changes
Collaborate with team members to learn best practices, share knowledge, and contribute to the team’s success
Take ownership of assigned tasks and follow through to completion, demonstrating initiative and accountability
Complete any additional tasks as they arise
Qualifications:
Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree program in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or a related STEM field
Ability to work at least two days per week in the Cambridge, MA office
Strong desire to learn and grow in a collaborative environment
Proficient in at least one programming language, such as Python, Java, or similar
Conceptual knowledge or experience in one or more of the following areas:
Developing applications for cloud, web, or mobile platforms
Debugging and troubleshooting complex systems
AI, Machine Learning, or Data Science
Strong communication skills, with the ability to articulate ideas clearly and effectively.
Self-motivated and able to work independently on assigned tasks
Compensation and Benefits:
Fair and competitive hourly rate based on education level
Flexible scheduling options depending on role and responsibilities
Additional Perks:
Feel great working to improve road safety around the world!
Join one of our many employee resource groups including Black, AAPI, LGBTQIA+, Women, Book Club and Health & Wellness
CMT will do all that is possible to support our employees and create a positive and inclusive work environment for all!
Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion:
At CMT, we believe the best ideas come from a mix of backgrounds and perspectives.
We are an equal-opportunity employer committed to creating a workplace and culture where everyone feels valued, respected, and empowered to bring their unique talents and perspectives. Diversity is essential to our success, and we actively seek candidates from all backgrounds to join our growing team.
We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability state. “CMT is headquartered in Cambridge, MA. “To learn more, visit www.cmtelematics.com and follow us on X @cmtelematics.”