About Judi Health
Judi Health is an enterprise health technology company providing a comprehensive suite of solutions for employers and health plans, including:
Capital Rx, a public benefit corporation delivering full-service pharmacy benefit management (PBM) solutions to self-insured employers,
Judi Health™, which offers full-service health benefit management solutions to employers, TPAs, and health plans, and
Judi®, the industry’s leading proprietary Enterprise Health Platform (EHP), which consolidates all claim administration-related workflows in one scalable, secure platform.
Together with our clients, we’re rebuilding trust in healthcare in the U.S. and deploying the infrastructure we need for the care we deserve. To learn more, visit www.judi.health.Location: Remote or Hybrid (NYC, Denver)
Position Summary:
Join our mission to transform our nation's healthcare system as a Software Engineering Summer Intern. In this role you will assist in leading projects from design to delivery. Partner with product managers and designers to define requirements during discovery and planning. Collaborate with developers to deliver those requirements on time as new features or improvements to existing functionality.
Why You’ll Love Working Here
We have a remote-first culture.
You will make a tangible impact on society. Your code will directly improve healthcare experiences for millions.
We are a late-stage startup with stability. We have startup energy with a focus on delivery, but healthy processes with a strong financial outlook that provides a sense of security.
Position Responsibilities
As a Software Engineering Summer Intern, you will:
Collaborate with senior developers to implement new features and improve existing functionality.
Participate in planning and design discussions with product managers and designers.
Write clean, maintainable code using technologies like Python, React, and AWS.
Assist in testing and debugging software to ensure high quality.
Learn and apply Agile/Scrum development practices.
Receive mentorship and guidance to grow your technical skills and domain knowledge.
Code of Conduct: Responsible for adherence to the Capital Rx Code of Conduct including reporting of noncompliance.
Preferred Qualifications
We’re looking for someone who is eager to learn and grow:
Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s Degree program and entering their Junior or Senior year in Fall 2026 in computer science, software engineering, or a related field.
Familiarity with Python (Flask / SQLAlchemy) and React / Typescript is a plus.
Basic understanding of SQL
Exposure to cloud platforms like AWS is helpful but not required.
Interest in writing unit tests and learning best practices in software development.
Strong communication and collaboration skills.
Demonstrates initiative by proactively identifying opportunities for improvement, taking ownership of challenges, and contributing beyond assigned tasks to drive team and project success.
Passion for improving healthcare through technology.
Nothing in this position description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.
About Capital Rx
Capital Rx is a full-service pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) and pharmacy benefit administrator (PBA), advancing our nation’s electronic healthcare infrastructure to improve drug price visibility and patient outcomes. As a Certified B Corp™, Capital Rx is executing its mission through the deployment of JUDI®, the company’s cloud-native enterprise health platform, and a Single-Ledger Model™, which increases visibility and reduces variability in drug prices. JUDI connects every aspect of the pharmacy ecosystem in one efficient, scalable platform, servicing millions of members for Medicare, Medicaid, and commercial plans. Together with its clients, Capital Rx is reimagining the administration of pharmacy benefits and rebuilding trust in healthcare.
Capital Rx values a diverse workplace and celebrates the diversity that each employee brings to the table. We are proud to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, medical condition, genetic information, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
Salary Range$20 - $22 USDAll employees are responsible for adherence to the Capital Rx Code of Conduct including the reporting of non-compliance. This position description is designed to be flexible, allowing management the opportunity to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities as needed to best meet organizational goals.
Judi Health values a diverse workplace and celebrates the diversity that each employee brings to the table. We are proud to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, medical condition, genetic information, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
By submitting an application, you agree to the retention of your personal data for consideration for a future position at Judi Health. More details about Judi Health's privacy practices can be found at https://www.judi.health/legal/privacy-policy.