Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.We’re currently seeking a Software Engineering Apprentice to join our Engineering team. This apprenticeship will last 6 months and consist of dedicated one-on-one technical mentorship, an Affirm-specific technical project, and a curriculum designed to guide Apprentices through Affirm’s technical stack. We are particularly interested in candidates that have a passion to change the consumer finance industry for the better.
What You'll Do
Work with a team of engineers to build, maintain, and scale our critical experimentation, feature flag, and feature store infrastructure serving millions of customers.
You will ship code and monitor the deployment of your work. Our Apprenticeship projects are not isolated or intended to be thrown away; your team will depend on your contributions.
We will pair you with a dedicated mentor who will be by your side to give advice and ensure the success of your project. You can expect to meet with them on a regular basis and receive feedback.
Apprentices will have the opportunity to share their work with the engineering organization upon completion of the program.
With the support of your team, you will work on tasks that contribute to the team's projects and goals.
You will work collaboratively and proactively with your team and stakeholders, bringing them along for your work and helping to create visibility and dialog regarding the risks and trade-offs related to your work.
You will strike the right balance of speed and quality in your work, ensuring that we hit our business goals while protecting our systems from downtime.
You will contribute to a sense of community on your team by engaging in growth and development activities.
What We Look For
Must be located within the United States
Ages 18+, no college degree requirements. Affirm seeks technical proficiency via a coding school, online certification, community college, or self-taught equivalent
Have previously worked on large scale coding projects, including work that you may have done during a bootcamp experience or on your own
Always excited to learn and thrive in a fast pace environment
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively
Have sound judgement for working among ambiguity
Be able to display empathy, humbleness, and kindness
Compensation is a set amount for the Apprentice role with no range.USA hourly base pay: $55.00USA monthly base pay: $9,500
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:
Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount
We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.
[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read Affirm's Global Candidate Privacy Notice and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.