Welcome to Planet. We believe in using space to help life on Earth.
Planet designs, builds, and operates the largest constellation of imaging satellites in history. This constellation delivers an unprecedented dataset of empirical information via a revolutionary cloud-based platform to authoritative figures in commercial, environmental, and humanitarian sectors. We are both a space company and data company all rolled into one.
Customers and users across the globe use Planet's data to develop new technologies, drive revenue, power research, and solve our world’s toughest obstacles.
As we control every component of hardware design, manufacturing, data processing, and software engineering, our office is a truly inspiring mix of experts from a variety of domains.
We have a people-centric approach toward culture and community and we strive to iterate in a way that puts our team members first and prepares our company for growth. Join Planet and be a part of our mission to change the way people see the world.
Planet is a global company with employees working remotely world wide and joining us from offices in San Francisco, Washington DC, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, and The Netherlands.Internships at Planet:
Planet’s Summer 2026 internships are full-time, paid 12-week positions located in our San Francisco HQ Office.
Program Dates:
June 1 - August 21
June 22 - September 11
About the Role:
Planet’s Mission Control is a web-based application that empowers spacecraft operators and analysts to monitor, control, and study our growing fleet of satellites. It is flanked by a number of distributed microservices that handle spacecraft scheduling, tasking, telemetry processing, and similar operational needs. Together, these services automate much of the day-to-day operations of Planet's fleet of satellites.
You’ll be a part of a team that builds, maintains, and operates these tools. Our mission is to offer a seamless interface that enables spacecraft operators, analysts, and engineers at Planet to interact effortlessly with our assets in space. We strive to minimize operational burden, and to automate all aspects of satellite operations. You will be a part of a team that will support, enable and engage with the end users to iterate on these systems. In this role, you will tackle and solve a broad array of engineering problems in a fast-paced environment.
This is a full-time, in-office position based in our San Francisco office 5 days per week.
Impact You'll Own:
Maintain and augment the automation and services ultimately responsible for the operation of Planet’s satellites. This includes but is not limited to:
Specify and implement new HTTP APIs and help improve existing ones.
Evaluate and choose appropriate software technologies.
Design and deploy critical infrastructure.
Contribute to a team that values open and honest communication, collaboration, self-learning and initiative to solve problems big and small.
Work closely with various teams across Planet, ranging from Satellite and Ground Operations, to Pipeline and Product teams to ensure the satellite constellation meets the needs to achieve Planet’s missions.
What You Bring:
Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Aerospace Engineering, or similar.
Experience in Python programming.
Attention to quality including automated testing, code review, and documentation.
Experience with maintaining peer-reviewed code and continuous integration and deployment workflows and tooling like GitLab CI and Docker or similar.
Proficient Linux skills.
Ability to be a self-starter for solving problems in a dynamic environment.
Ability to clearly communicate and collaborate with cross-functional teams.
What Makes You Stand Out:
Experience building services that leverage cloud-based infrastructure and tooling such as AWS or GCP.
Experience with relational database technologies (e.g., Postgres, MySQL, etc.).
Experience in API design.
Knowledge of aerospace concepts.
Application Deadline:
April 13, 2026 at 11:59p PT
EAR/ITAR Requirements:
This position requires access to export-controlled information, and as such, employment (or hiring of a contractor) is contingent upon the candidate’s ability to access all applicable export-controlled information without additional export licensing being required by the Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls.
Benefits While Working at Planet:
These offerings are dependent on employment type and geographical location, based upon applicable law or company policy.
Commuter Benefits
Paid time off for holidays and company-wide days off
Internet reimbursement
Access to LinkedIn Learning
Compensation:
The US hourly rate range for this position at the commencement of employment is $35 - $60. The final salary range is determined by job related experience, skills and location. The range displays our typical hiring range for new hire salaries in US locations only. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.San Francisco Salary Range$37 - $60 USDSan Francisco Fair Chance OrdinancePursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Why we care so much about Belonging. We’re dedicated to helping the whole Planet, and to do that we must strive to represent all of it within each of our offices and on all of our teams. That’s why Planet is guided by an ultimate north star of Belonging—dreaming big as we approach our ongoing work. If this job intrigues you, but you’re thinking you might not have all the qualifications, please... do apply! At Planet, we are looking for well-rounded people from around the world who can contribute to more ways than just what is listed in this job description. We don’t just fill positions, we aspire to fulfill people’s careers, most excited about folks who are motivated by our underlying humanitarian efforts. We are a few orbits around the sun before we get to where we want to be, so we hope you’re excited to come along for the ride.
EEO statement: Planet is committed to building a community where everyone belongs and we invite people from all backgrounds to apply. Planet is an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Know Your Rights.
Accommodations: Planet is an inclusive community and we know that everyone has their own needs. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation during the hiring process, please reach out to accommodations@planet.com or contact your recruiter with your request. Your message will be confidential and we will be happy to assist you.
Privacy Policy: By clicking "Apply Now" at the top of this job posting, I acknowledge that I have read the Planet Data Privacy Notice for California Staff Members and Applicants, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.
Privacy Policy (European Applicants): By clicking "Apply Now" at the top of this job posting, I acknowledge that I have read the Candidate Privacy Notice GDPR Planet Labs Europe, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.
AI in Our Interviewing Process: Planet is committed to providing an exceptional interview experience for all candidates. We are currently exploring AI interviewing technologies to better focus on candidates and less on trying to capture notes. As such, with the candidate's consent, select interviews may be recorded and include a Planet AI Notetaker for transcription and summarization purposes. Should an interview involve use of AI interview technologies, the candidate will receive notification and have the ability to opt out both in advance and/or real-time. Opting out will not affect one's candidacy.
Candidate AI Policy: Planet embraces Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools, and we encourage its responsible use. We understand that candidates may use various resources, including AI tools, to prepare for interviews and assessments. However, during any live interview stage or when actively completing assessments for this position, the use of AI tools—e.g. Large Language Models (LLMs), deep fake technology, etc.—is strictly prohibited unless explicitly prompted by an interviewer or assessment instructions. If you are unsure about acceptable use, please contact your recruiter for clarification. If an AI tool or similar technology is desired as an accommodation, please contact accommodations@planet.com with your request for assistance. Your message will be confidential, and we will be happy to assist you. Violation of this policy may result in disqualification of your application.