Hybrid: 3 days per week (Tues-Thurs) NYCHQ
Who we are
DoubleVerify is the leading independent provider of marketing measurement software, data, and analytics that authenticates the quality and effectiveness of digital media for the world's largest brands and media platforms. DV provides media transparency and accountability to deliver the highest level of impression quality for maximum advertising performance. Since 2008, DV has helped hundreds of Fortune 500 companies gain the most from their media spend by delivering best-in-class solutions across the digital ecosystem, helping to build a better industry. Learn more at www.doubleverify.com.
As a Software Engineer Intern, you will work with DoubleVerify’s versatile Engineering and product teams on mission-critical systems that process billions of real-time transactions a day and solve/address complex challenges with Big-Data processing and analytics at scale.
What you’ll do
Research, Conceive, and Build a new data engineering solution
Build Software and Data-Intensive applications that contribute to and extend DoubleVerify’s suite of Social Viewability and Brandsuitability measurement products
Work on cutting-edge big data technologies to build large-scale batch and streaming pipelines using Cloud and big data technologies on the Google Cloud Platform.
Work in multi-functional agile teams with end-to-end responsibility for product development and delivery. Take ownership of the product under your mentor's guidance.
Improve data quality through testing, tooling, and automation.
Help maintain and support mission-critical services.
Who you are
You are pursuing B.Sc./M.Sc. in Computer Science or a related field
You are passionate about Data and are a creative problem solver.
You have a deep understanding of data structures and algorithms, and experience writing code in C++, Java, Scala, or Python.
You have a good knowledge of SQL and RDMS.
Experience and Knowledge of Distributed Systems is a plus.
The successful candidate’s starting salary will be determined based on a number of non-discriminating factors, including qualifications for the role, level, skills, experience, location, and balancing internal equity relative to peers at DV.
Not-so-fun fact: Research shows that while men apply to jobs when they meet an average of 60% of job criteria, women and other marginalized groups tend to only apply when they check every box. So if you think you have what it takes but you’re not sure that you check every box, apply anyway!