About Varda
Low Earth orbit is open for business. Varda is accelerating the development of commercial space infrastructure, from in-orbit pharmaceutical processing to reliable and economical reentry capsules.
From life-saving pharmaceuticals to more powerful fiber optics, there is a world of products used on Earth today that can only be manufactured in space. Varda is accelerating innovation in the orbital economy by creating both the products and infrastructure needed so space can directly benefit life on Earth. Our mission is to expand the economic bounds of humankind.
Our team is uniquely suited to accomplishing this goal, with leadership and staff comprised of veterans from SpaceX, Blue Origin, major pharmaceutical companies and Silicon Valley. Varda was founded in January 2021 by Will Bruey and Delian Asparouhov with significant backing from world class investors including Khosla Ventures, Lux Capital, Founders Fund, Caffeinated Capital, General Catalyst, and Also Capital.
Varda is headquartered in El Segundo, California, where we have offices and a production facility where our vehicles, equipment, and materials are built, integrated, and tested. Varda also has offices in Washington, DC and Huntsville, AL.
Join Varda, and work to create a bustling in-space ecosystem.
About This Role
Fall internships will range between the months of August and December. All dates dependent upon the university schedule of the selected students. Internships are full-time and on-site in Los Angeles, CA. To be considered for this internship, candidates must be actively enrolled in an accredited undergraduate or graduate degree program.
The Mission Operations team is responsible for developing, planning, and executing Varda's on-orbit missions. Members of this team need to be a jack-of-all trades, capable of applying cross-discipline engineering to bespoke solutions. For this role, you will work alongside experienced Mission Directors and multiple engineering teams to conceptualize, develop, and standup web tools that will support our rapidly growing flight manifest.
Internships at Varda are optimal for students looking to grow technically and professionally while working on impactful projects critical to the company’s success. You will be working on a collaborative team in a startup environment while being able to learn from some of most accomplished and experienced aerospace professionals in the world. We’re dedicated to providing an experience that will let your decisions and contributions help drive Varda’s success.
Responsibilities
Operate as an integrated member of Varda’s Mission Operations team
Own the full-stack development life cycle of internal tools used in spacecraft and payload operations
Develop, test, and deploy web-based applications to support automation and scalability as mission cadence increases
Contribute to system verification, infrastructure integration, and debugging of mission-critical code
Collaborate across engineering teams to build and implement the first-use cases of your tools
Support mission operations in real time as your code is deployed in live spaceflight environments
Basic Qualifications
Full-stack coding experience with web development languages such as:
Python, Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, C, C++, nginx
Experience deploying, executing, and debugging server-based applications
Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or a related field
Coursework in:
Python programming, full-stack development, orbital mechanics (CS + Aero background preferred)
Preferred Skills And Experience
Experience building scalable web applications
Understanding of software data management and scaling techniques
Experience applying code to aerospace systems or complex, high-reliability environments
Familiarity with Continuous Integration pipelines and Linux environments
Previous internship, co-op, or real-world development experience
Hands-on project team experience (e.g. CubeSat, Solar Car, Formula SAE, etc.)
Projects You May Work On
Full stack web application or tooling
Preferably for execution of team project or complex operation
Built ground station scheduling tool
Built ops scheduling tool to track planning tools
Compensation
Hourly Rate: $33.00
Housing stipend for interns relocating to the area
Commuter benefit to support local transportation
ITAR Requirements
Varda, like all employers, must ensure that its employees working in the United States are lawfully authorized to work in the U.S. Additionally, our employees are exposed to and have access to certain export-controlled items. At present, some of our technology to which employees have access requires a license to be exported to individuals other than “U.S. Persons” as defined in U.S. export regulations. Because our employees are provided access to export-controlled items, our current policy is to only hire “U.S. persons” who are permitted to have access to our technology without an export license.
“US person” means: U.S. citizen, U.S. lawful permanent resident, or protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) (i.e., individual admitted to the U.S. as a refugee or granted asylum in the U.S.)
Learn more about the ITAR here.
Benefits
Exciting team of professionals at the top of their field working by your side
Equity in a fully funded space startup with potential for significant growth (interns excluded)
401(k) matching (interns excluded)
Unlimited PTO (interns excluded)
Health insurance, including Vision and Dental
Lunch and snacks provided on site every day. Dinners provided twice a week.
Maternity / Paternity leave (interns excluded)
Varda Space Industries is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Candidates and employees are always evaluated based on merit, qualifications, and performance. We will never discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, national origin, ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, martial status, mental or physical disability, or any other legally protected status.
E-Verify Statement
Varda Space Industries, Inc. participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program.
E-Verify Notice Right To Work Notice
Read more Read more