Locus Robotics, a leader in warehouse automation solutions, delivers more than just robots. Our advanced systems increase productivity, order accuracy, and safety while seamlessly integrating into warehouse operations. This is an opportunity to join the ranks of a brilliant, high-performance team, building best in class software to address logistics challenges for major global brands.
We are looking for highly engaged and self-driven students to join Locus Robotics as a Software Engineering Intern on our Business Software Team. This Wilmington, MA hybrid-based summer internship provides the opportunity to collaborate with our Software Engineers to enhance the UI and backend functionality of our robotic application interface. You’ll get practical, hands-on experience in both frontend and backend development while working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. If you’re looking to build credible full stack development skills, this role is ideal for you!
Internship period is May/June - August 2026, during standard business hours (Monday - Friday, 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM ET).
Hybrid position (1-2 days a week) located at our Wilmington, MA headquarters. Only local candidates will be considered.
Responsibilities
Assist in the development and maintenance of a self-hosted SaaS product.
Write and test code for both frontend and backend components.
Collaborate with UX designers and developers to implement new features.
Contribute to the automated test suite in regards to integration, system, and performance testing.
Support QA testing on the floor, ensuring system functionality and performance in real-world environments.
Participate in software design and architecture discussions.
Qualifications
Currently enrolled in a related degree program (e.g., Computer Science, Software Engineering) and have completed at least your Junior year, or a recent graduate within one year of graduation.
Prior project experience with web technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and basic UI frameworks (React, Angular, etc.).
Prior internship or academic project experience with object-oriented programming languages (C#, .NET Preferred)
Strong problem-solving skills and a willingness to learn.
Proficient English written and verbal communication skills required to collaborate effectively with internal and external teams.
Additional Information
Locus Robotics is an equal opportunity employer
The expected hourly rate for this internship ranges from $20 to $30 per hour, depending on the candidate’s degree program (undergraduate or graduate) and relevant skills, experience, and qualifications.
Application Fraud Detection Notice: To help maintain a fair and secure hiring process, Locus Robotics may use AI-assisted and other automated tools to detect suspected fraud, misrepresentation, or misuse of the application process. Hiring decisions are not made solely by automated means unless otherwise disclosed where required by law.