Babel Street is the trusted technology partner for the world’s most advanced identity intelligence and risk operations. We deliver advanced AI and data analytics solutions providing unmatched, analysis-ready data regardless of language, proactive risk identification, 360-degree insights, high-speed automation, and seamless integration into existing systems. Babel Street empowers government and commercial organizations to transform high-stakes identity and risk operations into a strategic advantage. The actionable insights we deliver safeguard lives and protect critical assets around the world. Babel Street is headquartered in Reston, Virginia, with regional offices in Boston, MA and Cleveland, OH, and international offices in Australia, Canada, Israel, Japan, and the U.K. For more information, visit www.babelstreet.com. Position Overview:
As a Software Engineer Co-op you will improve and implement the design of components of Babel Street's Analytics platform. Join us and help us create the next wave of software for Natural Language Processing and text analytics.
Job Responsibilities:
Design, build, and maintain key products of the Babel Analytics NLP platform
Integrate new technologies and NLP methodologies into our existing platform
Influence design, implementation, and architectural direction
Work with product management to identify needed software improvements
Research and prototype new technologies to improve our platform
Participate in agile sprint and release planning
Qualifications:
Ability to program in Java and/or Python
Knowledge of computational linguistics and/or NLP is a plus
Familiarity with Data Science is a plus
Familiarity with React or MongoDB is a plus
Ability to communicate in languages other than English is a plus
A passion to design, build and polish innovative applications
Babel Street is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Further, Babel Street will not discriminate against applicants for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing their pay or, in certain circumstances, the pay of their co‐worker, Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination. In addition, Babel Street's policy is to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified employees who have protected disabilities to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances where a particular employee works. Upon request, we will provide you with more information about such accommodations.
#LI-DNI Range for this position based on qualifications and experience$30 - $30 USD