Join Udemy. Help define the future of learning.
Udemy is an AI-powered skills acceleration platform built to help people and teams grow. It’s personalized, practical, and focused on real-world impact.
Our mission is simple: to transform lives through learning. Your work helps people around the world build skills they can use, whether they’re picking up something new or leveling up to stay ahead.
Over 80 million learners and 17,000 businesses already learn with Udemy. If you’re excited by change, energized by learning, and ready to have a real impact, you’ll feel right at home.
Learn more about us on our company page.Where we Work
Udemy is a global company headquartered in San Francisco, with additional U.S. offices in Denver and Austin, and international hubs in Australia, India, Ireland, Mexico, and Türkiye. This is an in-office position, requiring three days a week in the office (Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday) and flexibility on Mondays and Fridays.
About this role
Engineering teams at Udemy build & manage several frontend applications and component libraries that power the Udemy B2B and D2C products. As an intern, you will help enhance, scale, and design user-facing features while contributing to our modern frontend architecture built on React, Django, Next.js, and GraphQL.
What you'll be doing:
Learn our technology stack and development processes.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and design new features in an agile environment.
Design, specify, and implement new user-facing features and components.
Review code to ensure quality, accessibility, and performance.
Document, monitor, and maintain new features post-release.
Ideal candidate will have
Education in computer science, mathematics or other related analytical (i.e. STEM) disciplines.
Experience with modern frontend technologies, such as React, Next.js, TypeScript, and GraphQL.
Knowledge of developing responsive web applications, including component-based architectures and state management.
Design and architecture knowledge, as well as familiarity with modern frontend patterns and best practices.
About your Skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills in English.
Troubleshooting and problem-solving abilities with attention to detail.
Ability to work effectively in a team, share ideas, and adapt to feedback.
Posting Date: 3/04/2026Application Window: We anticipate the application window will be open until April 13th, 2026. Based on business needs, this opportunity may remain posted beyond or closed before the anticipated application window.
#LI-VC1
At Udemy we strive to be transparent with compensation. With equity and transparency at the forefront of consideration, we offer the same pay rate for all of our internships.Hourly Pay Range$52 - $52 USDWhy work here?
You’ll grow here.Learning is part of the job. You’ll get full access to Udemy courses, a monthly UDay to invest in yourself, and a budget to spend on whatever helps you improve. Many people are diving into AI lately, but what you focus on is up to you.
AI is real here.We use it in the way we learn and the way we work. You’ll have the space and tools to experiment, apply, and get better at using AI in practical ways.
You’ll own your work.We trust people to lead, make decisions, and follow through. You don’t need to wait for permission or layers of approval to have an impact.
You’ll build with others.We collaborate openly and shape ideas together. Everyone has a voice, and good thinking is welcomed from any direction.
You’ll see your impact.What you build helps people grow their skills, change their careers, or find a path forward. You’ve got the experience, why not use it to help others gain theirs?
Bring your curiosity. We’ll bring the platform and the support. Let’s LEARN together.
Our Benefits Start with U
Our benefits start with you and were built to provide you and your family with the protection and care you need, making it easy to access the right coverage when you need it most. Benefits vary by region, and we encourage applicants to review our Australia Benefits, India Benefits, Ireland Benefits, Mexico Benefits, Turkiye Benefits & US Benefits, pages to get an understanding of some of the benefits we offer. For details on region-specific benefits, please refer to the information provided during the hiring process.
Benefits outlined are provided as a general overview and may vary depending on the location, role, and employment classification. All benefits are subject to change at the discretion of the organization and in accordance with applicable laws and policies.
At Udemy, we value diversity and inclusion and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, veteran status, medical condition, or disability. We understand that not everyone will match each of the qualifications. However, we also realize that everyone has unique experiences that can add value to our company. Even if you think your background might not perfectly align, we'd love to hear from you!
Information regarding data privacy is available within the Udemy Careers Privacy Notice.