Astranis builds advanced satellites for high orbits, expanding humanity’s reach into the solar system. Today, Astranis satellites provide dedicated, secure networks to highly-sophisticated customers across the globe— large enterprises, sovereign governments, and the US military. With five satellites on orbit and many more set to launch soon, the company is servicing a backlog of more than $1 billion of commercial contracts.Astranis is the preferred satellite communications partner for buyers with stringent requirements for uptime, data security, network visibility, and customization. Astranis has raised over $750 million from some of the world’s best investors, from Andreessen Horowitz to Blackrock and Fidelity, and employs a team of 450 engineers and entrepreneurs. Astranis designs, builds, and operates its satellites out of its 153,000 sq. ft. headquarters in Northern California, USA.Software Engineer Intern - Data Platform (Summer 2026)
As a Software Engineer Intern, you'll build and extend the systems that ingest, store, and query the massive streams of telemetry flowing from our satellite fleet in real time. From designing data pipelines that handle thousands of channels per spacecraft to building monitoring rules that catch anomalies before they become problems, your work will give mission operators the visibility they need to keep satellites healthy and online.
You'll be working at the intersection of data engineering and space operations, building tools that turn raw satellite signals into actionable insight.
This role will contribute to both our commercial and US government programs.
Role
Design and build monitoring rules and anomaly detection capabilities for our telemetry data platform
Contribute across the data platform by building out client libraries, data pipelines, query interfaces, and APIs
Collaborate with mission operations and engineering teams to define monitoring requirements and data needs
Requirements
Currently pursuing a B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, or equivalent degree
Strong proficiency in Python
Experience and understanding of databases (Postgres, time-series databases, etc)
Experience and understanding of API design (REST, gRPC, Protocol Buffers)
Don't meet them all? Not a problem. Please apply even if you do not meet all these criteria.
Bonus
Experience with time-series data or telemetry systems
Experience with async Python programming
Experience with Kubernetes
The base pay for this position is $29.00 per hour.Base Hourly Pay$29 - $29 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or Refugee/Asylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.