When joining Elevations, you can expect to work for a company with:
A leadership team that strives to make this the best place you’ve ever worked!
A focus on supporting our employees’ mental, physical, and financial well-being
A commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion recognized by the Denver Business Journal and Colorado Association of Realtors
A highly engaged workforce devoted to innovation, continuous improvement, and collaboration
A reputation for excellence, as evidenced by being a two-time recipient of the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award
A passion for consistently providing amazing experiences and creating raving fans
Location:
Hybrid Roles:
Basecamp, Broomfield - The summer intern program will last 10 weeks: from June 1 – Aug. 7.
Employees who are able to perform the essential functions of their jobs away from an Elevations location may do so with the expectation that they are onsite at least fifty percent of the time over a two-week pay period.
Summary/Objective:
The Application Development Intern supports the design, development, testing, and maintenance of software applications used by Elevations Credit Union. This role works closely with application developers and business partners to enhance internal systems and member‑facing solutions. The internship provides hands‑on experience in a collaborative, agile environment while introducing best practices for secure, reliable financial applications.
Provide hands-on experience in real-world application development in financial services environment
Develop foundational technical, professional, and collaboration skills in an enterprise IT setting
Contribute meaningful, supervised work that adds value to internal teams or member-facing systems
Eagerness to learn application development in a professional, team environment
Basic programming knowledge and the ability to apply strong problem‑solving skills
Interest in financial services and technology that supports members of Elevations Credit Union
Essential Functions include:
Assist in the development, enhancement, and maintenance of internal and member facing applications
Contributes to requirements gathering, design discussions, and code reviews under the guidance of more senior developers
Participate in team meetings, agile ceremonies, and knowledge sharing activities
Collaborate with other departments within IT to further knowledge of IT operations in a professional environment
Reports to:
Application Development Manager
Manages:
No supervisory responsibility
Required Skills, Education and Experience:
Completion of a technical bootcamp or pursuit of a Bachelor’s degree Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems or other related field or equivalent work experience.
A foundational understanding of software development concepts, including basic programming logic and problem‑solving
Knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and/or Agile development practices
Preferred Skills, Education and Experience:
An interest in supporting business applications within a financial institution
Ability to program in at least one programming language, such as HTML and JavaScript
Work Environment:
Elevations uses multi-factor authentication to keep our data safe. As such, a personal smartphone is a requirement for employment with us. This job operates in an office setting and routinely uses standard office equipment.
Physical Requirements:
Sitting frequently, walking occasionally, use of hands frequently, hearing constantly, talking frequently, exerting up to 10 lbs of force occasionally to lift, carry, push, pull, or move objects
Position Type/Expected Hours of Work:
Full-time/40 hours per week
Compensation:
The candidate selected for this role will earn $25/hr.
Other Duties:
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. About Us: Elevations Credit Union is a member-owned not-for-profit financial institution serving Colorado’s Front Range. Founded in 1952, we’ve grown from 12 members and less than $100 in assets to an institution with 15 branches and more than 170,000 members that manages over $3 billion in assets and is the No. 1 credit union mortgage lender in Colorado. At Elevations, we’ve made a commitment to move away from a product-centered business model and focus instead on creating consumer solutions. Our objective is to provide our members, as well as the entire community, with unbiased consumer information.
EEO Statement: The Credit Union is dedicated to the principles of equal employment opportunity. We prohibit unlawful discrimination against applicants or employees on the basis of age 40 and over, race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture and length, protective hairstyles), sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, disability, military status, genetic information, marital status, or any other status protected by applicable state or local law.
Candidates for certain positions may be required to submit to a credit history report in determining qualification for employment with Elevations Credit Union. If the position you are applying for requires a credit history report, any information received in such a report will not be the sole factor in making an employment decision. A history of personal financial irresponsibility may be reason for disqualification insofar as it relates to your potential job duties. Elevations Credit Union is aware that occasionally there are extenuating circumstances that may affect an individual's credit history. We comply with the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the Colorado Employment Opportunity Act.
ELEVATIONS CREDIT UNION’S COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us. When you use this Careers site to apply for a job at Elevations Credit Union (“we” and “us”), we collect your personal information. Examples of personal information collected on the Careers site include your name, contact details, and information you provide for purposes of job applications. We do not sell your personal information to a third party. We may share your information with a third party who is performing a service for us related to job applicants. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please contact us.
Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws
Know Your Rights Poster
Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)