Position OverviewWe are seeking a passionate and well-rounded candidate to join Diligent’s AI Platform team. As part of this high-impact group, you will help design, build, and deliver the core services that power Diligent’s AI-driven capabilities across our global product suite.
The candidate will have the opportunity to learn and practice effective analysis, design, programming, and testing to produce and maintain scaled SaaS software solutions. The successful candidate will work as part of an established team used to working together to achieve excellent results. Our ideal candidate will be someone who is motivated, proactive and takes pride in their code. It's a 4-month program from May 2026 with the possibility of an extension for another term, depending on performance and mutual interest.
Key Responsibilities:
Work as part of an agile AI Platform team and contribute to grooming user stories and ensuring work items are clear and testable.
Develop and maintain existing codebases.
Take part in the team's ceremonies.
Work on the team's backlog including planning, implementation, testing and release.
Required Experience/Skills
Self-driven mindset and strong analytical skills.
University-level programming coursework or comparable coding boot camp qualification.
Looking for an education in programming, platform development, and AI systems.
Ability to work unsupervised for extended periods.
Ability to be on-site in our Vancouver Office.
Nice to Have Qualifications (not required):
Exposure to fullstack web applications including frontend and backend components.
Exposure to AI tools (such as code assistants, AI debuggers, or design copilots) to enhance software development speed, quality, and creativity.
Exposure to cloud environments (AWS, Azure, or GCP).
Exposure to AI and LLM applications, including prompt engineering, RAG pipelines, or semantic search.
Exposure with infrastructure-as-code, CI/CD pipelines, and observability practices.
Passion for continuous learning and for exploring how AI can transform software engineering.
We Take Care of Our Team
Continuous learning opportunities.
Flexible work arrangements.
Diversity & engagement programs, company events.
Pay Range$21 - $25 CAD
About Us
Diligent is the AI leader in governance, risk and compliance (GRC) SaaS solutions, helping more than 1 million users and 700,000 board members to clarify risk and elevate governance. The Diligent One Platform gives practitioners, the C-Suite and the board a consolidated view of their entire GRC practice so they can more effectively manage risk, build greater resilience and make better decisions, faster.
At Diligent, we're building the future with people who think boldly and move fast. Whether you're designing systems that leverage large language models or part of a team reimaging workflows with AI, you'll help us unlock entirely new ways of working and thinking. Curiosity is in our DNA, we look for individuals willing to ask the big questions and experiment fearlessly - those who embrace change not as a challenge, but as an opportunity. The future belongs to those who keep learning, and we are building it together. At Diligent, you’re not just building the future - you’re an agent of positive change, joining a global community on a mission to make an impact.
Learn more at diligent.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Facebook
What Diligent Offers You
Creativity is ingrained in our culture. We are innovative collaborators by nature. We thrive in exploring how things can be differently both in our internal processes and to help our clients
We care about our people. Diligent offers a flexible work environment, global days of service, comprehensive health benefits, meeting free days, generous time off policy and wellness programs to name a few
We have teams all over the world. We may be headquartered in New York City, but we have office hubs in Washington D.C., Vancouver, London, Galway, Budapest, Munich, Bengaluru, Singapore, and Sydney.
Diversity is important to us. Growing, maintaining and promoting a diverse team is a top priority for us. We foster and encourage diversity through our Employee Resource Groups and provide access to resources and education to support the education of our team, facilitate dialogue, and foster understanding.
Diligent created the modern governance movement. Our world-changing idea is to empower leaders with the technology, insights and connections they need to drive greater impact and accountability – to lead with purpose. Our employees are passionate, smart, and creative people who not only want to help build the software company of the future, but who want to make the world a more sustainable, equitable and better place.
Headquartered in New York, Diligent has offices in Washington D.C., London, Galway, Budapest, Vancouver, Bengaluru, Munich, Singapore and Sydney. To foster strong collaboration and connection, this role will follow a hybrid work model. If you are within a commuting distance to one of our Diligent office locations, you will be expected to work onsite at least 50% of the time. We believe that in-person engagement helps drive innovation, teamwork, and a strong sense of community.
We are a drug free workplace. Diligent is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, physical disability, mental disability, age, military status, protected veteran status, marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition (including, but not limited to, cancer related or HIV/AIDS related), genetic information, or sexual orientation in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Diligent's EEO Policy and Know Your Rights. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at recruitment@diligent.com.
To all recruitment agencies: Diligent does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Diligent employees or any other organization location. Diligent is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.