SpecterOps is a cybersecurity solutions and services provider specializing in deep knowledge of adversary tradecraft to help clients detect and defend against sophisticated attackers. We are seeking motivated and curious students or recent graduates to join us for a summer internship. If you have a passion for cybersecurity, we want to hear from you!
Internships at SpecterOps aim to offer students industry exposure and hands-on experience. You will partner closely with industry experts and be exposed to innovative solutions, research and tools that will further enhance your knowledge and prepare you to add value as a professional in our industry.
This year, the summer internship program will run for 11 weeks, beginning June 1, 2026, through August 14, 2026. Successful candidates must be able to commit for the entire length remotely with in the United States.
We are inviting an intern to join our BloodHound Product Engineering team, where you will collaborate with experienced engineers to contribute to the ongoing development and improvement of our product.
Salary Range: $35.00 hourly
Location: This position is remote, based in the U.S.
Candidate must be authorized to work and reside in the United States; we do not currently sponsor immigration visas.
What you’ll be doing:
Collaborate with experienced software engineers to address and resolve bugs within the existing codebase.
Assist in the development of small features and enhancements.
Work on side projects independently, experiment with new features, and report on their feasibility and potential impact.
Gain hands-on experience with various programming languages, including Go and TypeScript.
Engage in knowledge sharing sessions and actively seek opportunities for professional growth and development within the software engineering field.
Gain exposure to cybersecurity concepts through learning and exploration.
Qualifications:
Currently pursuing an Undergraduate/Graduate degree in Computer Science, cybersecurity or a related technical discipline
Ability to commit to a 11-week internship (20-30 hours weekly)
Desire to embody our core values of passionate curiosity, consistent improvement, empathy, sustainability, humility, and empowerment through transparency
Nice to haves
Familiarity with version control systems such as Git.
Experience with containerization technologies like Docker.
Knowledge of software testing principles and tools.
Previous exposure to front-end web development libraries such as React.
Understanding of relational database management systems like PostgreSQL or graph-based database systems like Neo4j.
Strong problem-solving skills and a passion for learning new technologies.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
To request reasonable accommodations, please contact us at careers@specterops.io
Unsolicited resumes are not accepted.
#LI-REMOTE