Our internship program is a full-time, 10-week experience running from June 4 through August 14, 2026. Applicants must be based in the Chicago area for the duration of the program to participate in our hybrid work environment at our downtown headquarters. Candidates should currently be pursuing a bachelor’s degree or higher with an expected graduation date of Winter 2026 or Spring 2027.
What to expect during your internship:
Onboarding Training: Our onboarding program sets you up for success from day one. You will learn about our mission, products and services, and most importantly, our people, so you feel confident and ready to contribute.
Meaningful Work: You will receive a challenging project to complete during your internship. The project will give you a running start into the exciting world of software that is positively impacting some of our nation’s most critical industries. We hope this experience inspires you to pursue a career doing meaningful, high-impact work. Before the summer is over, you will present your work to our Executive Leadership Team.
Networking & Development: You will have ample opportunities to build connections across the business through weekly intern lunch and learns, one-on-one coffee chats, and cross-functional exposure. You will be paired with an onboarding buddy and have access to a mentor who volunteered to support your growth throughout the summer. You will also have access to LinkedIn Learning during the program and a resume workshop with our recruiters!
Culture: Throughout the summer, we host monthly in-person lunches, happy hours, and a dedicated intern outing to help you build strong relationships with your fellow interns and managers. When you are in the office, enjoy our hybrid downtown Chicago environment stocked with snacks, coffee, cold beverages, and fresh fruit.
How you’ll make an impact during your internship:
Work with the latest .NET and mainstream front-end JavaScript frameworks such as React or Angular technologies to develop software solutions
Provide insight into all aspects of the development process including work agility best practices
Be a part of one of our development teams, guided by a senior developer
Spend time learning about how we keep up with the market and decide what to build into the product, as well as how we build our product in an agile fashion
You’ll be slated to the team that best suits your skills and interests
What we’re looking for:
Currently pursuing a bachelor’s degree or higher with graduation date in Winter 2026 or Spring 2027, in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field
You have a love for programming
You seek out challenges and feel that a big part of your value is your ability to solve problems
You enjoy experimenting with new tools and programming techniques
You like to take an idea and run with it and can work with limited guidance when necessary
A passion for software - we’d love to help you find it here!
Estimated Salary Range: $25/hrFind out more about Strata benefits here.
How we work:The preferred location for this role is in Chicago, IL or St. Louis, MO. We value our people spending time together and have campuses hosting in-person events located in both cities. We are truly a hybrid environment with all team members experiencing the flexibility to work from home.
Thinking about applying? Research shows that women and underrepresented groups tend to apply to jobs only when they check every box on a job posting. If you’re currently reading this and hesitating to click “Apply” for that reason, we encourage you to go for it! A true passion and excitement for making an impact is just as important as work experience. Should you require a reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please reach out to careers@stratadecision.com.
Here @ Strata… Our culture is driven by our people solving problems together. We embrace learning, collaboration, and continuous career growth. Together, we lift our customers, our products, our company, and our community.
We believe that each of our team member’s unique perspectives and experiences is what drives innovation and positive change. Our individual differences are what make us a more forward-thinking organization. We foster a culture of inclusion, equity and belonging, regardless of race, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. Our Core Values:While we celebrate what makes each member of our team unique, our core values are what connect us. They set clear expectations for how we approach our work and how each of us can positively influence the experience of our team and our customers.
We connect with positive intent.
We are helpful.
We own it.
We get better every day.
We are humble.