Welcome to Planet. We believe in using space to help life on Earth.
Planet designs, builds, and operates the largest constellation of imaging satellites in history. This constellation delivers an unprecedented dataset of empirical information via a revolutionary cloud-based platform to authoritative figures in commercial, environmental, and humanitarian sectors. We are both a space company and data company all rolled into one.
Customers and users across the globe use Planet's data to develop new technologies, drive revenue, power research, and solve our world’s toughest obstacles.
As we control every component of hardware design, manufacturing, data processing, and software engineering, our office is a truly inspiring mix of experts from a variety of domains.
We have a people-centric approach toward culture and community and we strive to iterate in a way that puts our team members first and prepares our company for growth. Join Planet and be a part of our mission to change the way people see the world.
Planet is a global company with employees working remotely world wide and joining us from offices in San Francisco, Washington DC, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, and The Netherlands.Internships at Planet:
Planet’s Summer 2026 internships are full-time, paid 12-week positions located in our San Francisco HQ Office.
Program Dates:
June 1 - August 21
June 22 - September 11
About the Role:
The Mission Optimization team supports all Planet’s missions, working to maximize the productivity of the world's largest Earth Observation satellite constellation. Our team spans North America and Europe. Given the scale of our fleet, automation is at the heart of our operations. You'll develop and maintain critical software that is used to manage and operate our fleet, transforming large datasets into actionable metrics.
As a Mission Optimization Engineer Intern, the main scope of your project will be fleet-wide productivity optimization. You will help identify possible inefficiencies in the automated services we use to operate our satellites, and design and implement solutions to improve the overall productivity of the fleet. We are looking for a data-driven, self-starter engineer with effective communication skills that collaborates well within a technical team and adapts quickly to changing tasks and contexts. You will also work closely with hardware and software experts across teams to provide operational insights that shape our next-generation satellites.
This is a full-time, in-office position based in our San Francisco office 5 days per week.
Impact You'll Own:
Develop and maintain real-time, mission-critical software solutions for satellite operations
Write scripts to aggregate satellite data and generate system monitoring metrics
Analyze data to identify issues and inefficiencies in the full stack of services and propose solutions to improve productivity
Identify and drive improvements to fleet capacity and productivity through process enhancements
What You Bring:
Currently enrolled in a BSc in engineering or computer science
Proficiency in software development, particularly in Python or equivalent languages
Data-driven mindset with experience in statistical analysis
Proactive, self-starter approach to engineering and problem-solving
Effective interpersonal and collaboration skills within a technical team
What Makes You Stand Out:
Experience with agile software development
Experience with DevOps tools and practices (e.g., Git, GitLab, Docker, Jenkins, Bash, Linux, CI/CD, Sentry, Datadog)
Familiarity with satellite engineering and/or the space environment and its challenges
Hands-on experience operating spacecraft or remote systems
Familiarity with automation and optimization frameworks
Contributions to open-source software projects
Application Deadline:
April 13, 2026 at 11:59p PT
EAR/ITAR Requirements:
This position requires access to export-controlled information, and as such, employment (or hiring of a contractor) is contingent upon the candidate’s ability to access all applicable export-controlled information without additional export licensing being required by the Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls.
Benefits While Working at Planet:
These offerings are dependent on employment type and geographical location, based upon applicable law or company policy.
Commuter Benefits
Paid time off for holidays and company-wide days off
Internet reimbursement
Access to LinkedIn Learning
Compensation:
The US hourly rate range for this position at the commencement of employment is $35 - $60. The final salary range is determined by job related experience, skills and location. The range displays our typical hiring range for new hire salaries in US locations only. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.San Francisco Salary Range$37 - $60 USDSan Francisco Fair Chance OrdinancePursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Why we care so much about Belonging. We’re dedicated to helping the whole Planet, and to do that we must strive to represent all of it within each of our offices and on all of our teams. That’s why Planet is guided by an ultimate north star of Belonging—dreaming big as we approach our ongoing work. If this job intrigues you, but you’re thinking you might not have all the qualifications, please... do apply! At Planet, we are looking for well-rounded people from around the world who can contribute to more ways than just what is listed in this job description. We don’t just fill positions, we aspire to fulfill people’s careers, most excited about folks who are motivated by our underlying humanitarian efforts. We are a few orbits around the sun before we get to where we want to be, so we hope you’re excited to come along for the ride.
EEO statement: Planet is committed to building a community where everyone belongs and we invite people from all backgrounds to apply. Planet is an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Know Your Rights.
Accommodations: Planet is an inclusive community and we know that everyone has their own needs. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation during the hiring process, please reach out to accommodations@planet.com or contact your recruiter with your request. Your message will be confidential and we will be happy to assist you.
Privacy Policy: By clicking "Apply Now" at the top of this job posting, I acknowledge that I have read the Planet Data Privacy Notice for California Staff Members and Applicants, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.
Privacy Policy (European Applicants): By clicking "Apply Now" at the top of this job posting, I acknowledge that I have read the Candidate Privacy Notice GDPR Planet Labs Europe, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.
AI in Our Interviewing Process: Planet is committed to providing an exceptional interview experience for all candidates. We are currently exploring AI interviewing technologies to better focus on candidates and less on trying to capture notes. As such, with the candidate's consent, select interviews may be recorded and include a Planet AI Notetaker for transcription and summarization purposes. Should an interview involve use of AI interview technologies, the candidate will receive notification and have the ability to opt out both in advance and/or real-time. Opting out will not affect one's candidacy.
Candidate AI Policy: Planet embraces Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools, and we encourage its responsible use. We understand that candidates may use various resources, including AI tools, to prepare for interviews and assessments. However, during any live interview stage or when actively completing assessments for this position, the use of AI tools—e.g. Large Language Models (LLMs), deep fake technology, etc.—is strictly prohibited unless explicitly prompted by an interviewer or assessment instructions. If you are unsure about acceptable use, please contact your recruiter for clarification. If an AI tool or similar technology is desired as an accommodation, please contact accommodations@planet.com with your request for assistance. Your message will be confidential, and we will be happy to assist you. Violation of this policy may result in disqualification of your application.