Attentive® is the AI marketing platform for 1:1 personalization redefining the way brands and people connect. We’re the only marketing platform that combines powerful technology with human expertise to build authentic customer relationships. By unifying SMS, RCS, email, and push notifications, our AI-powered personalization engine delivers bespoke experiences that drive performance, revenue, and loyalty through real-time behavioral insights.
Recognized as the #1 provider in SMS Marketing by G2, Attentive partners with more than 8,000 customers across 70+ industries. Leading global brands like Crate and Barrel, Urban Outfitters, and Carter’s work with us to enable billions of interactions that power tens of billions in revenue for our customers.
With a distributed global workforce and employee hubs in New York City, San Francisco, London, and Sydney, Attentive’s team has been consistently recognized for its performance and culture. We’re proud to be included in Deloitte’s Fast 500 (four years running!), LinkedIn’s Top Startups, Forbes’ Cloud 100 (five years running!), Inc.’s Best Workplaces, and the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index!About the Role
The Strategy Team at Attentive leads both internal and external AI initiatives across the company, driving innovation and alignment with our broader business goals. We work cross-functionally to identify high-impact opportunities where AI can deliver better experiences for employees or customers. This is not a traditional internship – you will be prototyping real agent-based systems and shipping real code to help us get real products into market.
This is a hybrid role in our New York City office
What You’ll Do
Build marketing automation workflows using AI coding tool
Prototype solutions quickly to turn ideas into working demos in days, not weeks
Help design and test agent-driven workflows (prompt chains, feedback loops, automation pipelines)
Iterate on existing systems by improving reliability, outputs, and performance
Translate marketing problems into structured prompts, workflows, or lightweight code
Document what works and contribute to reusable patterns and playbooks
What We’re Looking For
Builder mindset. You like making things. When you see a problem, your instinct is to build a solution and not just talk about it.
AI Curiosity. You wake up every day trying to learn more about how agents work and the limits of what they can do.
AI experience. You use Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, and the like to build something that has seen the light of day (projects, scripts, automations, etc.).
Technical foundation. You are comfortable with the following:
Writing simple scripts (Python, JavaScript, etc.)
Working with APIs or structured data
Using no-code / low-code tools to automate workflows
Comfort with ambiguity (with support). You’re okay starting with an unclear problem as long as you have guidance and collaboration along the way.
For US based applicants:- This role will be paid at the rate of $25 per hour and is non-exempt#LI-CW1By applying for this position, your data will be processed as per Attentive's Privacy Policy.Attentive Company Values
Default to Action - Move swiftly and with purpose
Be One Unstoppable Team - Rally as each other’s champions
Champion the Customer - Our success is defined by our customers' success
Act Like an Owner - Take responsibility for Attentive’s success
Learn more about AWAKE, Attentive’s collective of employee resource groups.
If you do not meet all the requirements listed here, we still encourage you to apply! No job description is perfect, and we may also have another opportunity that closely matches your skills and experience.
At Attentive, we know that our Company's strength lies in the diversity of our employees. Attentive is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities for all employees, applicants and covered individuals regardless of protected characteristics. We prioritize and maintain a fair, inclusive and equitable workplace free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation. Attentive is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities. If you need any assistance or reasonable accommodations, please let your recruiter know.