Company Description: We Are Bosch.
At Bosch, we shape the future by inventing high-quality technologies and services that spark enthusiasm and enrich people’s lives. Our areas of activity are every bit as diverse as our outstanding Bosch teams around the world. Their creativity is the key to innovation through connected living, mobility, or industry.
Let’s grow together, enjoy more, and inspire each other.&nbsp;Work #LikeABoschReinvent yourself:&nbsp;At Bosch, you will evolve.Discover new directions: At Bosch, you will find your place.Balance your life:&nbsp;At Bosch, your job matches your lifestyle.Celebrate success:&nbsp;At Bosch, we celebrate you.Be yourself:&nbsp;At Bosch, we value values.Shape tomorrow:&nbsp;At Bosch, you change lives.
Job Description: In this Mechanical Engineering Internship with the Bosch Braking division, you will dive deep into the design and validation of brake system components, with a strong focus on the brake fluid reservoir (RSV). Your main project will involve hands-on laboratory work as you investigate RSV cap designs by monitoring vibration, fluid spillage, and friction effects in a lab environment and summarizing your findings. You will also create a user-friendly tool to simplify and automate the calculation of RSV volume requirements, ensuring our designs meet worst-case scenario demands. Furthermore, you will conduct a comprehensive benchmarking study of key reservoir designs, utilizing industry tools like Caresoft Iceberg to compare Bosch products against competitors and create a portfolio of current and future design strategies. This role is perfect for an inquisitive engineer who enjoys a mix of physical testing, data-driven tool development, and competitive market analysis.
Qualifications: Required Qualifications:• Currently enrolled in or completed third year of a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering or related discipline• Hands-on, practical approach to problem-solving and learning• Strong attention to detail and organizational skillsPreferred Qualifications:• Familiarity with Excel and the use of automation, macros, and functionality within the software• Knowledge of hydraulic systems or vehicle dynamics
Additional Information: Indefinite U.S. work authorized individuals only.&nbsp; Future sponsorship for work authorization unavailable.Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability / veterans &nbsp;*Bosch adheres to Federal, State, and Local laws regarding drug-testing. Employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a drug screen and background check. Candidates who have been offered the position must pass both screenings before their start date.&nbsp;&nbsp;