Job Description: The Fidelity Enterprise Services Advanced Technology for Investment Management Team contributes to the vitality and growth of the organization by transforming breakthrough technologies into practical capabilities for Fidelity’s internal and external investment clients. The Team promotes companywide collaboration while delivering new Artificial Intelligence enabled portfolio level perspectives to investment managers and client service colleagues. The Expertise We’re Looking For Graduate or PHD degree in computer science or related field Solid programming fundamentals, knowledge for computing algorithms, data structure and design patterns Solid RDBMS concepts. Exposure to course works on subjects like distributed systems, file systems, data, NoSQL and SQL processing Experience using latest web-based technologies - jQuery, HTML and CSS and exposure to one or more web-based visualization libraries The Purpose of Your Role Fidelity is looking for a motivated software engineer intern to build robust and scalable applications, help improve our code services and system architecture, participate in brainstorming sessions and supply ideas to our technology and products. We want the highest levels of technical talent and programming skills, as well as a keen desire to learn and apply advanced technologies in creating new digital investment experience. It will be important for a candidate to be curious, creative, and agile in learning and applying software engineering concepts. The Skills You Bring Demonstrated interest or experience in applied software engineering, web application design and development, software analysis, database design, visualization, prototyping and experimentation Demonstrated interest or experience in Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, networking and/or developing large software systems Experience in one or more of the following – Java, Python, C, C++, C#, PHP, Object C, SWIFT, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery, SQL, MySQL Experience in one of more software development tools – Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, XCode or any other IDE Experience in one of more visualization tools – DevExpress, Infragistics, Plot.ly, agGrid, High Charts or other JavaScript based Visualization libraries Excellent academic performance with a passion to learn more about financial markets, products, and processes You have excellent verbal and written communication skills and have meticulous attention to detail and unquestioned integrity The Value You Deliver Work alongside full-time engineers on high-priority projects that drive the product innovations and enable business growth. Actively participate in design and architecture of new financial products. Work across our entire software stack from building web/mobile applications, middle-tier APIs, data fusion engineering, BigData infrastructure Design, develop and produce quality software features for our product application suite and support tools Build quick prototypes using Angular, Java and/or AWS stack Develop code that is functional, maintainable, efficient and elegant, following the appropriate design and software engineering patterns Actively participate in team-wide code reviews and design discussions Build and configure internal automation tools for continuous integration and continuous deployment How Your Work Impacts the Organization The Fidelity Enterprise Services Advanced Technology for Investment Management identifies projects to continually strengthen investment decision and portfolio construction insights and support personalized investment goals. The Team works within an innovation ecosystem that includes partners from investment, client relations, technology and centralized R&amp;D units. Fidelity Enterprise Services Advanced Technology seeks cross-domain authorities with backgrounds that connect investment management, machine learning and technology implementation. We cultivate success through a rigorous, collaborative approach that builds, tests, and iterates as we learn and seek challenging processes and problems in investment management. Company Overview At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. The base salary range for this position is $39 - $70 per hour. Placement in the range will vary based on job responsibilities and scope, geographic location, candidate’s relevant experience, and other factors. Note, the application window closes when the position is filled or unposted. Most roles at Fidelity are Hybrid, requiring associates to work onsite every other week (all business days, M–F) in a Fidelity office. This does not apply to Remote or fully Onsite roles. Some roles may have unique onsite requirements. Please consult with your recruiter for the specific expectations for this position. Please be advised that Fidelity’s business is governed by the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, the Investment Company Act of 1940, ERISA, numerous state laws governing securities, investment and retirement-related financial activities and the rules and regulations of numerous self-regulatory organizations, including FINRA, among others. Those laws and regulations may restrict Fidelity from hiring and/or associating with individuals with certain Criminal Histories. Certifications: Category: Administration At Fidelity, we are passionate about making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want! We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation please contact the following: For roles based in the US: Contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations@fmr.com, or by calling 800-835-5099, prompt 2, option 2 For roles based in Ireland: Contact AccommodationsIreland@fmr.com For roles based in Germany: Contact Accommodationsgermany@fmr.com Fidelity Privacy Policy