Job Description: Join a skilled Fidelity’s Asset Management Technology team to develop advanced data engineering solutions that power critical investment decisions. This role involves developing scalable data processing solutions, designing robust data models and ETL pipelines, and applying modern DevOps and Agile practices. Ideal candidate is deeply enthusiastic about innovation in financial technology, with strong background in a combination of Java, REST API, Python, AWS, Oracle PL/SQL, AutoSys, and data warehousing. The Team Asset Management Technology (AMT) offers global technology and assistance to the Investment Management, Research, Trading, and Investment Operations departments at Fidelity. Our team develops top-tier data engineering solutions for Fidelity Strategic Advisor Inc.'s managed account offerings. We oversee a multi-terabyte data platform that underpins crucial investment management functions for Fidelity’s leading mutual funds and ETFs. Our platform caters to investment professionals and clients who regularly engage in significant market investment decisions. The Expertise We’re Looking For Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in a technology related field (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, etc.) required. 1+ years’ experience of enterprise development and a desire to work on a fast-paced development team with the experience of handling multiple tracks concurrently. Strong background with object orientated programming, with projects completed leveraging many of the following technologies including Python, Java or TypeScript Strong Knowledge of Data Structures and Algorithms Knowledge of Cloud computing concepts (AWS) and working experience with deploying and managing applications in the Cloud using CI/CD tools – Git, Stash, Jenkins, etc. The Skills You Bring You have strong experience in Object Oriented Programming in Java or C# or Python You have strong experience in Python and libraries such as Pandas / Numpy, etc. or Spark You have strong experience in Data Structures &amp; Algorithms You have knowledge in developing custom Data Pipelines to extract data, map data, transform data, and to load data in various data stores like Oracle, Snowflake S3, and / or shared drives. You are familiar with extracting data from REST APIs and parallel processing large datasets So you have the basic skills we are looking for – here are some of the additional skills that will differentiate you and make you the ideal candidate: Knowledge in RDBMS and ODBC Knowledge of Cloud Computing concepts and working experience with deploying and managing applications in the Cloud Knowledge of Building UI is a plus in Angular 2.0+ / React and other MVC frameworks Knowledge of deploying software through its lifecycle, familiar with Agile, using CI/CD from concept to build to deployment using tools like Git/Stash, Jenkins, etc. How Your Work Impacts the Organization Asset Management Technology (AMT) provides technology solutions to Fidelity’s Investment Management, Research, Trading, and Investment Operations divisions worldwide. Our team develops top-tier data solutions for Fidelity Strategic Advisor Inc.'s managed account offerings. We are responsible for a multi-terabyte data platform that underpins crucial investment management functions for Fidelity’s leading wealth management services. Our platform caters to investment professionals and clients who regularly engage in significant market investment decisions. At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. The base salary range for this position is $39 - $70 per hour. Placement in the range will vary based on job responsibilities and scope, geographic location, candidate’s relevant experience, and other factors. Note, the application window closes when the position is filled or unposted. Most roles at Fidelity are Hybrid, requiring associates to work onsite every other week (all business days, M–F) in a Fidelity office. This does not apply to Remote or fully Onsite roles. Some roles may have unique onsite requirements. Please consult with your recruiter for the specific expectations for this position. Please be advised that Fidelity’s business is governed by the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, the Investment Company Act of 1940, ERISA, numerous state laws governing securities, investment and retirement-related financial activities and the rules and regulations of numerous self-regulatory organizations, including FINRA, among others. Those laws and regulations may restrict Fidelity from hiring and/or associating with individuals with certain Criminal Histories. Certifications: Category: Administration At Fidelity, we are passionate about making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want! We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation please contact the following: For roles based in the US: Contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations@fmr.com, or by calling 800-835-5099, prompt 2, option 2 For roles based in Ireland: Contact AccommodationsIreland@fmr.com For roles based in Germany: Contact Accommodationsgermany@fmr.com Fidelity Privacy Policy