Job Details: Job Description: The Compiler Engineering team at Intel has an opportunity available for a Compiler Engineering Intern. The Intel Compiler Engineering Team is a high performing team responsible for the creation of the industry-leading Intel C/C++/DPC++ and Fortran Compilers, and is a leader in LLVM.org, the basis of our compiler products. We are continually pushing the boundaries of compiler technology in support of providing maximally useful and performant compilers for all of Intel's processor platforms, both CPU and GPUs. We are looking for a motivated and innovative student with programming skills who is interested in building a career as a software engineer at Intel. You will help us to provide strong support for the Intel Compiler products going forward: you will be responsible for analysis of C++, OpenMP and SYCL applications and benchmarks, have opportunity to get familiar and contribute to the compiler middle-end and back-end (Scalar and loop optimization, vectorization, code generation), as well as other areas of compiler stack, and engage with open source community of compiler developers. Your responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: feature development and resolving of compiler software defects, carry out functional and performance experiments, tests, including stress tests, analyzing, triaging of failed test cases, preparing a reproducer, bug submission and tracking, finding opportunities to improve quality of the product, cross-geo collaboration with engineering, validation and performance teams across Intel to ensure product quality and performance. As an intern, you will learn and apply compiler domain knowledge, build skills, and explore future career opportunities through hands-on experience and projects that support Intel business goals in a collaborative environment. You must also demonstrated strong problem-solving and ability to proactively pursue solutions. Qualifications: Minimum qualifications are required to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your degree, research and or relevant previous job and or internship experiences. This position is not eligible for Intel immigration sponsorship. Minimum Qualifications: - You must be pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Informatics or a related technical discipline; - 6+ months of work or academic experience in C/C++ coding, object-oriented programming, data structures; - Linux and Windows command line experience; - Debugging skills. Preferred Qualifications: - 3+ months experience working with compiler technologies; - Experience in the following areas: compiler development, linker, assembler and C/C++ run-time libraries; - Experience in Code optimization for efficient hardware performance. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (Canada) Primary Location: Canada, Toronto Additional Locations: Business group: The Software Team drives customer value by enabling differentiated experiences through leadership AI technologies and foundational software stacks, products, and services. The group is responsible for developing the holistic strategy for client and data center software in collaboration with OSVs, ISVs, developers, partners and OEMs. The group delivers specialized NPU IP to enable the AI PC and GPU IP to support all of Intel's market segments. The group also has HW and SW engineering experts responsible for delivering IP, SOCs, runtimes, and platforms to support the CPU and GPU/accelerator roadmap, inclusive of integrated and discrete graphics. Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in Canada Salary range dependent on a number of factors including location and experience. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. Canada Accommodation: Intel is committed to a culture of accessibility. Intel provides accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. Find information and request accommodation here. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process Discover your place in our world-changing work.