Company Overview KLA is a global leader in diversified electronics for the semiconductor manufacturing ecosystem. Virtually every electronic device in the world is produced using our technologies. No laptop, smartphone, wearable device, voice-controlled gadget, flexible screen, VR device or smart car would have made it into your hands without us. KLA invents systems and solutions for the manufacturing of wafers and reticles, integrated circuits, packaging, printed circuit boards and flat panel displays. The innovative ideas and devices that are advancing humanity all begin with inspiration, research and development. KLA focuses more than average on innovation and we invest 15% of sales back into R&amp;D. Our expert teams of physicists, engineers, data scientists and problem-solvers work together with the world’s leading technology providers to accelerate the delivery of tomorrow’s electronic devices. Life here is exciting and our teams thrive on tackling really hard problems. There is never a dull moment with us. Group/Division With over 40 years of semiconductor process control experience, chipmakers around the globe rely on KLA to ensure that their fabs ramp next-generation devices to volume production quickly and cost-effectively. Enabling the movement towards advanced chip design, KLA's Global Products Group (GPG), which is responsible for creating all of KLA’s metrology and inspection products, is looking for the best and the brightest research scientist, software engineers, application development engineers, and senior product technology process engineers. First to deliver the best imaging and classification data for every defect or point on any layer at any time. EBeam’s mission encapsulates its role as the “eyes” of KLA’s product line, providing timely information on defects and critical locations on the wafer at the highest spatial resolution possible. Customers use EBeam products alongside KLA patterned and bare wafer inspectors to quickly understand the nature of defects and other imperfections on product wafers and take action to correct the manufacturing process. Job Description/Preferred Qualifications In this role, you will be responsible for: Perform timing and work-flow analysis. Automated log analysis for efficient debugging. Optimizing software infrastructure for High Performance Computing (HPC) systems. Qualifications: Students working towards a Master's Level Degree. Proficiency with C++ and Python programming for embedded systems and high performance computing infrastructures. Proficient working on Linux environment. Any HPC experience would be a plus. Preferred Qualifications: Exposure to Linux kernel and Bash scripting. Experience with Grafana and Prometheus is a preferred. Everything else you can learn through the journey with us. Minimum Qualifications Students working towards a Master's Level Degree. Base Pay Range: $47.00 - $47.00 per hour based on pursuit of a Master’s Primary Location: USA-CA-Milpitas-KLA KLA’s total rewards package for employees may also include participation in performance incentive programs and eligibility for additional benefits including but not limited to: medical, dental, vision, life, and other voluntary benefits, 401(K) including company matching, employee stock purchase program (ESPP), student debt assistance, tuition reimbursement program, development and career growth opportunities and programs, financial planning benefits, wellness benefits including an employee assistance program (EAP), paid time off and paid company holidays, and family care and bonding leave. Interns are eligible for some of the benefits listed. Our pay ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed reflects the pay for this position in the primary location identified in this posting. Actual pay depends on several factors, including state minimum pay wage rates, location, job-related skills, experience, and relevant education level or training. We are committed to complying with all applicable federal and state minimum wage requirements where applicable. If applicable, your recruiter can share more about the specific pay range for your preferred location during the hiring process. KLA is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us at talent.acquisition@kla.com or at +1-408-352-2808 to request accommodation. Be aware of potentially fraudulent job postings or suspicious recruiting activity by persons that are currently posing as KLA employees. KLA never asks for any financial compensation to be considered for an interview, to become an employee, or for equipment. Further, KLA does not work with any recruiters or third parties who charge such fees either directly or on behalf of KLA. Please ensure that you have searched KLA’s Careers website for legitimate job postings. KLA follows a recruiting process that involves multiple interviews in person or on video conferencing with our hiring managers. If you are concerned that a communication, an interview, an offer of employment, or that an employee is not legitimate, please send an email to talent.acquisition@kla.com to confirm the person you are communicating with is an employee. We take your privacy very seriously and confidentially handle your information. Now hiring curious minds who want to learn even more. Explore KLA at www.kla.com/careers KLA is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us at talent.acquisition@kla.com or at +1-408-352-2808 to request accommodation. For additional information, view the US Know Your Rights poster on the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission website. We do not accept resumes from headhunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us.