Leidos is seeking an Associate Software Engineer in Morgantown, WV or Reston, VA for Summer 2026. This position is full-time, onsite for 3 months. Come put your Software Engineering skills into action! The Leidos Software Accelerator has openings for talented Software Engineers. The responsibilities for this position include all aspects of the software development Lifecycle, including automated testing within an Agile and Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery model. In this role, you will join a dynamic team that is singularly focused on providing world-class solutions to our customers in an exciting, collaborative, and inclusive environment. You will be challenged and provided a tremendous opportunity for growth in a customer-facing, fast-paced, and fun environment. Key Responsibilities Develop, troubleshoot, and debug mission critical software source code using modern software development languages and tools, such as Java. Participate in the full software development lifecycle, working within broadly defined parameters. Use Agile development tools such as Jira, Confluence, and Bitbucket/Git to manage work and collaborate with your teams. Support creation and updating of all relevant documentation and specifications for design, development and testing. Identify potential roadblocks and work with the team to develop around them. Plan and estimate development tasks and work to improve performance metrics. Develop maintainable code that matches specification. Use automated testing to leverage a continuous integration process. Own delivery of small parts of a system or application. Work closely with other engineers to develop the best technical design and approach for new product development. Work with a team to build software solutions where the solution is not always well defined but always considers the customer first. Required Qualifications Ongoing studies within a Bachelor’s program in Computer Science or similar field with a minimum 3.0 GPA. Experience with Object Oriented Programing practices and patterns (Java is preferred, applicants will be tested). Experience with JavaScript and JS frameworks such as React. Solid understanding of software development process fundamentals. Strong, self-motivated desire to learn new programming languages, tools, frameworks, and techniques. Ability to complete tasking independently with minimal direct supervision. Ability to work and collaborate effectively within a multi-disciplined engineering team. Team player who can express and explain their ideas to others. Ability to obtain a DoD security clearance. U.S. Citizenship is required. Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with Cloud Technologies (AWS, Azure, GCP). Knowledge of a version control system (e.g., Git). Familiarity with CI/CD processes and tools (Jenkins) Familiarity with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform, Helm). Familiarity with Containerized applications and orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes). Familiarity with Enterprise Service Bus Technologies (Kafka). Knowledge of Agile Development methodologies. If you're looking for comfort, keep scrolling. At Leidos, we outthink, outbuild, and outpace the status quo — because the mission demands it. We're not hiring followers. We're recruiting the ones who disrupt, provoke, and refuse to fail. Step 10 is ancient history. We're already at step 30 — and moving faster than anyone else dares. Original Posting: March 2, 2026 For U.S. Positions: While subject to change based on business needs, Leidos reasonably anticipates that this job requisition will remain open for at least 3 days with an anticipated close date of no earlier than 3 days after the original posting date as listed above. Pay Range: Pay Range $48,100.00 - $86,950.00 The Leidos pay range for this job level is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include (but are not limited to) responsibilities of the job, education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity, alignment with market data, applicable bargaining agreement (if any), or other law. Leidos Leidos is an industry and technology leader serving government and commercial customers with smarter, more efficient digital and mission innovations. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, with 47,000 global employees, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $17.2 billion for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2026. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. Pay and Benefits Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here. Securing Your Data Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com. Commitment and Diversity All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.