Company Description: At MAXISIQ, curious minds tackle real-world challenges that matter. Teams develop, test, and secure advanced technology powering today’s and tomorrow’s missions. We experiment with the latest tools, prototype new solutions, and see projects go from concept to action. You will apply technical expertise to projects requiring rapid prototyping, secure integration, and the development of actionable solutions for clients who depend on leading-edge capabilities. Creative problem-solving is encouraged, and growth happens through hands-on work across software, hardware, and network security. If you want to make an impact, solve complex technical puzzles, and help defend critical systems, this is a place where your skills matter and your ideas shape the future of technology.
Job Description: Job Title: Software Engineer Intern (Spring, Summer)What We Are Looking For:MAXISIQ is seeking a&nbsp;self-motivated, curious, and creative&nbsp;Software Engineer&nbsp;Intern&nbsp;to join our team in Arlington, VA (Ballston neighborhood) for the spring or summer (10-12 weeks).You may be a great fit for this position if you are:An enthusiastic and curious team playerInterested in building new technologies and creating innovative solutions to hard problems in the cyber domainLooking for experience in computer, network, and software security, applied cryptography, and distributed systems&nbsp;Technical Focus Areas:What types of projects will you be building? MAXISIQ is focused on developing solutions and innovations within the following technical focus areas:Computer, network, and software securityApplied cryptographyDistributed systemsVirtual machine and container orchestrationAPI developmentSystem integrationThe Role:You will work with a team of software engineers on the continued development and testing of a suite of applications; enabling the management of virtual compute resources across security domains and network boundaries. You will be exposed to a variety of programming languages, frameworks, and software development and testing tools.
Qualifications: Education:Enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master's degree program in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or similarMinimal Qualifications:Entry-level experience in a language such as C, C++, C#, Python, Java, or RustEntry-level experience with Linux/UNIX operating systemsDemonstrable software development skillsAbility to read and review other developer’s codeSkilled in the ability to clearly communicate in both written and oral formsBasic understanding of agile software development processes and frameworks (e.g., SAFe, Scrum, Kanban)&nbsp;Preferred Qualifications:Understanding of basic computer networking concepts (e.g., TCP/IP, UDP)Test-driven development (TDD) experienceSystem automation experienceRequired Clearance:None, but must be clearance eligible
Additional Information: The Team:As a member of the team, you join a diverse group whose skills and experience span multiple domains including software engineering, systems engineering, DevOps, network engineering, computer science, and AI/ML engineering. We are united by a shared passion for solving the toughest problems with innovative and high-quality solutions. Our collaborative spirit ensures that we integrate software, network, systems, and security engineering principles seamlessly.The Work Environment:At the heart of our workplace culture is a commitment to diversity and inclusivity. We believe in the strength that comes from different perspectives, and we celebrate the unique talents each team member brings to the table.Our supportive leadership believes in a healthy work-life balance, understanding that inspired minds need time for both productivity and rejuvenation. Operating in a hybrid work environment, we have engineering offices in strategic technology hubs. These hubs enable us to come together as we believe in the power of in-person interactions to drive innovation. But, while innovation requires collaboration, productivity requires focus and we fully embrace technologies that enable productive hybrid work.At MAXISIQ, inclusion drives innovation. We are committed to creating a diverse and equitable workplace where all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment&nbsp;including Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities.&nbsp;#CJAt MAXISIQ, inclusion drives innovation. We are committed to creating a diverse and equitable workplace where all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment&nbsp;including Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities.&nbsp;&nbsp;