At MFS, you will find a culture that supports you in doing what you do best. Our employees work together to reach better outcomes, favoring the strongest idea over the strongest individual. We put people first and demonstrate care and compassion for our community and each other. Because what we do matters – to us as valued professionals and to the millions of people and institutions who rely on us to help them build more secure and prosperous futures. Software Engineer Intern MFS is a premier investment management firm with a rich history and a growing global reputation. Since 1924, when our founders invented the mutual fund, collaboration and innovation have fueled our success. When you join our team, you will be challenged by the work you do, and you will share your talents with a vibrant network of vested individuals to create an elite organization and build a rewarding career. This internship experience provides participants with a meaningful, relevant work experience as part of their academic studies. In addition to daily responsibilities, participants will have the opportunity to participate in a series of structured activities designed to enhance their learning experience including: Intern New Hire Orientation Senior Leadership Speaker Series Social &amp; Networking Events Presentation Challenges At the conclusion of this position, interns will have increased their knowledge of investing, the mutual fund industry, employee engagement, and a firm understanding of how information technology (IT) works at an asset manager. The MFS Summer Internship program is a 10-12-week program, starting June 2nd, 2026, and ending on August 7th, 2026. Students work full-time, Monday through Friday, 35- 40 hours per week and are paid hourly. All applicants must be authorized to work in the United States. Internships are open to students who are rising seniors (class of 2026). MFS is a hybrid work environment (with 2 remote days and 3 on-site days) unless otherwise stated in the job posting. About GIT at MFS Our GIT (Global Information Technology) teams operate a highly redundant, fully documented data environment using the best technology available. They often build proprietary security solutions to make sure the right people have the right access. Technology interns help develop systems technology projects that address the business needs of MFS. They will learn how to elicit and gather business requirements, analyze data supporting business decisions and translate these into solutions. They will also be introduced to other technology project functions and learn how to test, and deploy solutions. Interns will gain exposure to technology changes proposed and in progress across MFS business areas and a unique/holistic view of the business through that change. Successful interns will also be involved with multiple projects at multiple stages, allowing them to gain understanding of the Agile Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC). Some principal responsibilities of interns in this group may include: Performing analysis of business activities to determine business requirements. Strong software engineering background with demonstrated experience in Java, Python, or C#. Working to ensure a positive product for business stakeholders. Creating and maintaining proper training materials and business documentation. Build solutions that will support advancing our target state architecture and align with our client’s strategic vision. Qualifications: Pursuing a Bachelor's degree in a computer science or engineering. Demonstrated experience in one of the languages – Java, Python or C#. Exposure to relational database technology, API knowledge, and some SQL experience. Ability to take initiative, to utilize resources, and to communicate effectively. Strong written skills and an ability to simultaneously manage working on multiple projects of varying size and complexity. Proven analytical skills and demonstrated ability to take initiative and help with developing creative solutions to meet business needs. Experience working in a team, preferably on projects as well as in a support role. If any applicant is unable to complete an application or respond to a job opening because of a disability, please contact MFS at 617-954-5000 or email talent_acquisition@mfs.com for assistance. MFS is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and it is our policy to not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state or local laws. Employees and applicants of MFS will not be subject to harassment on the basis of their status. Additionally, retaliation, including intimidation, threats, or coercion, because an employee or applicant has objected to discrimination, engaged or may engage in filing a complaint, assisted in a review, investigation, or hearing or have otherwise sought to obtain their legal rights under any Federal, State, or local EEO law is prohibited. #LI-HYBRID MFS is a hybrid work environment (remote/onsite) unless otherwise stated in the job posting. If any applicant is unable to complete an application or respond to a job opening because of a disability, please contact MFS at 617-954-5000 or email talent_acquisition@mfs.com for assistance. MFS is an Equal Opportunity Employer and it is our policy to not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state or local laws. Employees and applicants of MFS will not be subject to harassment on the basis of their status. Additionally, retaliation, including intimidation, threats, or coercion, because an employee or applicant has objected to discrimination, engaged or may engage in filing a complaint, assisted in a review, investigation, or hearing or have otherwise sought to obtain their legal rights under any Federal, State, or local EEO law is prohibited. Please see the Know Your Rights: Workplace Discrimination is Illegal document, linked for your reference. For almost a century, investors around the world have trusted MFS to achieve their investment goals. Since 1924, when our founders invented the mutual fund, collaboration, a long-term focus and skilled active research have fueled our success. As a leading global investment manager, we hire employees who share our values, align with investors who share our long-term philosophy, and always act in the best interest of our clients. Click the link below to return to Job Search Home Page: https://mfs.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MFS-Careers