Company Overview At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. We build and connect technologies to help protect people, property and places. Our solutions foster the collaboration that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future. Department Overview At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. Our critical communications, video security and command center technologies support public safety agencies and enterprises alike, enabling the coordination that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals and safer businesses. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future. On any given day, every moment matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, Motorola Solutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people’s lives. We help firefighters see around buildings and police officers see around street corners. We keep utility workers connected and visible to each other with real-time voice and data communication across the smart grid. And we provide the situational awareness first responders need when a moment brings catastrophe. We help people be their best in their moments that matter. CommandCentral Responder is an application for iOS, Android and Windows used by first responders. Its feature set includes record taking, evidence gathering and incident management. CommandCentral Responder helps patrol officers complete tasks more efficiently with field-focused tools that streamline manual or redundant processes and give responders the intelligence and assistance they need in critical moments to stay safe and use time effectively. Command Central Responder developed primarily in Glasgow by several teams working on different platforms. Interns will have the opportunity to move around several teams and to tackle real problems facing our users. Job Description This position is for a Software Engineering internship opportunity at Motorola Solutions where you will have the opportunity to join our engineering team in Glasgow working on CommandCentral Responder. CommandCentral Responder is an application for iOS, Android and Windows used by first responders. Its feature set includes record taking, evidence gathering and incident management. CommandCentral Responder helps patrol officers complete tasks more efficiently with field-focused tools that streamline manual or redundant processes and give responders the intelligence and assistance they need in critical moments to stay safe and use time effectively. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: Work in an Agile/Scrum team Teamwork in a multi-site, world-wide development environment Developing and testing new features Fixing bugs Reviewing code Basic Requirements Currently pursuing at least a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science , Software Engineering or a related field. Preferred Skills: Experience in Java, C# or iOS development Strong communication and problem solving skills is a plus Experience using version control; Git is a plus In return for your hard work, ,you will be rewarded with the following benefits: Competitive salary 25 days holiday entitlement + bank holidays. Attractive defined contribution pension scheme. Private medical insurance. Flexible working options. #LI-LM2 Travel Requirements None Relocation Provided None Position Type Intern Referral Payment Plan Yes Company Motorola Solutions UK Limited EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic. We are proud of our people-first and community-focused culture, empowering every Motorolan to be their most authentic self and to do their best work to deliver on the promise of a safer world. If you’d like to join our team but feel that you don’t quite meet all of the preferred skills, we’d still love to hear why you think you’d be a great addition to our team. MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS OVERVIEW At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. We build and connect technologies to help protect people, property and places. Our solutions foster the collaboration that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer businesses, and ultimately, safer nations. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future. Learn more at www.motorolasolutions.com. If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account.