Are you ready to take your software engineering skills to the next level and make a real impact on business success? Join our high-performing Marketing Applications team and play a key role in delivering top-notch applications to our stakeholders! Then the Robert Half Software Engineer Virtual Internship – Marketing Web Applications is for you! As a Software Engineer Intern, you'll gain exposure to custom applications built on Salesforce and other open-source technologies that are used by our consultants to manage sales pipeline, automate business processes, build back-end integrations, use modern front-end JavaScript frameworks, and use AI/ML to provide insights. This is your chance to work on exciting enterprise-level projects and see the direct impact of your hard work! What You’ll Do You will have the opportunity to work with cloud-based technologies such as Azure, AWS and cloud-based SAAS applications such as Salesforce and other industry-standard and new technologies. Work with a team of motivated engineers that drive innovation and optimization in marketing technology, build websites on CMS platforms and JS frameworks such as React.js and Next.js. Work with a team of motivated engineers that drive innovation and optimization in marketing technology, build websites on CMS platforms and JS frameworks such as React.js and Next.js. Learn and contribute to several key generative AI and ML initiatives, including the integration of large language models (LLMs) and AI-based automation into business processes. Gain a unique skillset at the intersection of software engineering and digital marketing. Hands-on experience with DevOps practices, including continuous integration and deployment. Learn technical and soft skills that will help make your resume stand out. No experience with specific technologies necessary (though it’s great if you have some) if you have a solid understanding of how technology works and the curiosity and drive to learn new tech. What You’ll Need Be enrolled in an accredited undergraduate degree program related to computer science, IT, information science, management information systems, data science, mathematics, physics, or digital marketing with a graduation year of 2027. An understanding of object-oriented programming and experience with at least one programming language (Java, JavaScript, Python, C, C#, C++, Ruby). An understanding of databases, data modeling, and data science concepts. Knowledge of AI/ML with related Python/R packages, generative AI, and LLM (Large Language Model) concepts. Experience with GPT models, natural language processing (NLP), and conversational AI technologies is a plus. Exposure to building web applications or websites, preferably using rich modern JS frameworks. Strong attention to detail and ability to work in a fast-paced environment. An adaptive mindset and desire to learn new technologies quickly. Critical thinking, curiosity, and strong analytical skills. Ability to work full 40-hour weeks virtually from June 17 - August 7, 2026 (internship dates cannot be altered). All applicants applying for U.S. intern openings need authorization to work in the United States for Robert Half without sponsorship now or in the future. Bonus Interest or familiarity with generative AI tools and platforms, including but not limited to OpenAI, GPT, Stable Diffusion, or similar technologies. Experience applying AI/ML to marketing or business automation. Experience with Salesforce development, including Apex, Visualforce, or Lightning Web Components (LWC). Familiarity with Salesforce Einstein or other AI-powered tools within the Salesforce ecosystem, such as predictive analytics or natural language processing (NLP). Exposure to AgentForce or similar AI-powered customer service tools integrated with CRM systems like Salesforce. The typical hourly pay rate for this position is shown below. $26/hr Benefits are available to contract/temporary professionals, including medical, vision, and dental, and life and disability insurance. Hired contract/temporary professionals are also eligible to enroll in our company 401(k) plan. Visit roberthalf.gobenefits.net for more information. Robert Half Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veteran As part of Robert Half’s Corporate Services facility employment process, any offer of employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check. Our recruiters use their expertise and may utilize AI to help with their evaluation of candidates. Robert Half is committed to being an equal employment employer offering opportunities to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to apply for a position, please contact us by sending an email to HRSolutions@roberthalf.com or call 1.855.744.6947 for assistance. In your email please include the following: The specific accommodation requested to complete the employment application. The location(s) (city, state) to which you would like to apply. For positions located in San Francisco, CA: Robert Half will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For positions located in Los Angeles County, CA: Robert Half will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects opportunities at great companies with highly skilled job seekers. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles. Named to Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies and 100 Best Companies to Work For® lists and a Forbes Best Employer for Diversity, Robert Half is the parent company of Protiviti®, a global consulting firm that provides internal audit, risk, business and technology consulting solutions. Explore our talent solutions, research and insights at RobertHalf.com.