Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories (SEL) seeks a creative and talented software engineer who is passionate about solving problems and improving the lives of people. SEL develops critical products that provide the main interface for protecting, controlling, monitoring, and analyzing the power grid. The ideal candidate for this position will be able to work part-time during the school year and full-time during the summer in Pullman, WA. If you are a current student looking for an opportunity to develop your software engineering skills, learn from world class engineers, and enhance your academic learning, then this may be the position for you! As a Software Engineer Intern, a typical day might include the following: Collaborate on the specification, design, implementation, deployment, and testing of software applications. Recommend and implement processes following industry best practices for developing, testing, and deploying software. Prepare and maintain design and specification documentation. Serve as a technical contact for internal customers. This job might be for you if: You are a current sophomore or junior student pursuing a degree in Computer Science, MIS, or equivalent with at least one year of technical coursework completed. Can work part-time during the school year and full-time during the summer. You have programming experience in C#, Java, or equivalent Object Oriented programming language. Have practical knowledge of networking, IP addressing, and TCP sockets. You have strong writing, documentation, and speaking skills. You can learn new skills and assume new responsibilities. You can work cooperatively in a team environment. Have background check results satisfactory to SEL. Have negative drug test result(s). Preferred Qualifications: Experience with or interest in C#, JavaScript, Typescript, React, Linux, Postgres, Redis, Message Brokering, Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Rancher, Azure. Location Information - Pullman, Washington SEL’s corporate office is located in Eastern Washington where you'll enjoy an unmatched quality of life. Enjoy the smaller town life: country space, freedom from traffic, easy access to recreational activities in nearby mountains, rivers, and forests, as well as great schools and universities. Competitive pay. Superior benefits. Inspiring work. People are at the core of our company and we hire employee-owners. We welcome you to learn more about how we support our interns. School matters. SEL managers work with their interns to arrange flexible schedules that accommodate classes and studying while working part-time during the school year. We challenge and rely on our interns to contribute high-quality work that adds value to our company and gives you an advantage with real-world experiences when seeking jobs after graduation. We aim to bring great talent to SEL and although not guaranteed, interns are frequently hired for full-time roles upon graduation. Ask our team about other intern benefits including wellness resources, community connection, and kickstarting retirement savings. Pay Range Data ($24.25 - $30.00 per hour)* Our intern pay is determined based on the internship role (the work you would be doing) and your year in school (when you plan to graduate). Talk to your recruiter if you are curious about the rate for your year in school. Communication with Applicants We communicate with all applicants. If you do not receive a response about your application, please check your SPAM filter or reach out to us at careers@selinc.com. SEL is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Vets/Disabled. SEL invents, designs, and builds digital products and systems that protect power grids around the world. This technology prevents blackouts and enables customers to improve power system reliability and safety at a reduced cost. A 100 percent employee-owned company headquartered in Pullman, Washington, SEL has manufactured products in the United States since 1984 and now serves customers worldwide. Our mission is simple: to make electric power safer, more reliable, and more economical.